We are back. We are all the way back.
Today I'm going to show you something
incredible I'm building inside of
OpenClaw. I have built my own AI lab. It
is a completely custom AI lab that is
working training my own models, training
my own plugins, doing work for me 247.
It is incredible. I have my own custom
model now. I've built my own custom
model. I'm going to go over how it
works, how you can do it yourself, what
hardware you need, what software you
need. I got an Nvidia DJX Spark that's
powering all this. I'll go over Nvidia
DJX Spark versus Mac Studio and all of
that. It is going to be incredible. I
also have a major announcement halfway
through this live stream. Major
announcement halfway through this live
stream. So, do me a favor. Let's get
this party started. Go down below, hit
the like down below. that'll pump us in
the algorithm so we get millions of
people in here and we have the greatest
conversation ever. It's going to be
incredible. My own AI lab. Are you guys
ready for this? Are you ready for this?
I'm going to show you I'm going to show
you what I've been building. Here we go.
This is going to be nuts. This is going
to be nuts. I hope you guys have been
doing well. I hope you've I hope you've
been having an amazing week. I had I was
in Japan the last week. I was in LA the
last few days.
You won't have a break like this for a
long time. You won't have a break like
this for a long time. I know I've been
gone for a while. Uh I did a vacation in
[__] I don't do many vacations. I hate
I'm going to be honest. I hate vacation.
I'm going to be honest with you. I
absolutely hate vacations. Uh did he get
his raid? Did he get his raid?
40 terabyte hard drive. 40 terabyte hard
drive. For those that missed it, I did
uh I did a uh I did Moonshots. I did
Moonshots.
I did the Moonshots podcast uh a few
days ago. Well, I did it last or a
couple weeks ago, but it just showed up
on YouTube a few days ago. Um and one of
the cast members, one of the hosts sent
me a 40 terbte hard drive. How
incredible is that?
World premiere. World premiere. Then why
did you take a vacation? Because
cuz other sometimes it's not all about
me. Sometimes you need to make
sacrifices and when other people want to
take vacations, you take the vacation
with them, right? Sometimes you got it's
not all about me sometimes. Sometimes
other people want to go to Japan and you
got to go to Japan with them and you got
to make them happy. It's not all about
you. But I did say this at the end of
the vacation. No more vacations for a
very long time. I hate vacation. I hate
vacation. This is my vacation. My
vacation is doing live streams. This is
what I like to do.
This is He's been out in the Middle East
negotiating between Iran and America. It
could be that as well. I'm new that I'm
now the new uh uh negotiator, the new
American negotiator for Iran. Great
podcast, by the way, with Moonshots.
They put you on the spot with Henry
calling you. I know. I haven't had him
call. I turned off the calling
functionality a while ago uh because I
it just was like I mean it's just
useless. It's not there's nothing useful
about it yet. It's cool but it's just
like a cool demo. It's not very useful
at the moment.
Ken Kenneth Harper 5930 with a $20
donation. Thank you very much. Keep
paving the way. I learn something every
time I tune in. Amazing. Can I'm going
to show you something cool today.
I'm going to show you something cool
today. This is Can I Should I make this
bigger? I don't know if this is big
enough on your screen. We'll make this a
little bit bigger here. This is my AI
lab and you can see over on the lefth
hand side my mission control is built
has been growing quite a bit. It's been
growing quite a bit. This is going to be
big. This is I think this is something
that takes us to the next level. I think
this is something that takes us to the
next level. I don't think there's anyone
else on planet Earth doing what I'm
about to show you here other than maybe
Andre Carpathy. We might be the only
ones doing it. Maybe the AI lab can
solve the issue out there. Lol. Maybe.
Honestly, maybe. Hate it when people
make me go to Japan.
I mean, Japan is cool. Japan was cool
for sure. I'm a big sushi fan. The sushi
was amazing. I'll just say this, man.
Now's not the time. Now's not the time
to be going to Japan. Now's not the time
to be going on 10-hour flights on United
Airlines that has absolutely horrible
Wi-Fi.
Alex is no Andre Karpathy. Yes, I am.
Andre Carpath is no Alex Finn. Uh
there's just too much going on right now
to be going on vacations halfway around
the world. There's too much going on.
The world's moving too fast. You
disappear for a week. You missed it all.
You did. Luckily, I bought this DJX
Spark right before like literally like
two hours before the flight. Plugged it
in and then gave it to my openclaw Henry
and said, "Hey, have at it. Do cool
stuff with it." Uh the Japanese are all
AI. We can go to J Japan with your bot.
We can go to Japan when your bot can
work on chats. Japan's cool, guys.
Listen,
if you're in FinnFam, man, don't be
don't be having FOMO over vacations. You
need to be locked in your computer 247,
not sleeping, not eating. We're not
vacation tribe here in Finnf Fam. We are
a get stuff done tribe. We are advanced
tribe. We are learn the new things and
move forward. Move the ball forward
every I wasn't able to move the ball
forward every day in Japan. I wasn't
able. Stop with the yapping and let's
see what you're doing. Okay. Quick
quickest way to get banned. Tell me what
to do on my own live stream.
We We don't go on vacations here. We get
stuff done.
Luckily, I was able to plug in my DJX
Spark to my cluster right before I left
so Henry can go and have fun while I was
on vacation. How do you recommend adding
system upgrades without messing up your
entire OpenClaw runtime?
I mean, you just you you you don't want
to mess with the I'm joking, bro. Come
on. That's why I didn't ban you because
I knew you were joking. But the app is
real. That's a live stream. If you don't
want the app, don't watch a live stream.
Uh you just have I mean, unfor this is I
don't love upgrading to be unless an
upgrade has a killer feature in the
upgrade. I don't do the upgrades. Uh,
just to be honest, it's just like it
seems I see too many tweets of people
complaining that the upgrade broke broke
their stuff.
Oh, I got to put the chat for the
Twitchers. The Twitch people need to see
the chat on the screen. There you go.
Twitch people can see the chat on the
screen. Uh, I I don't I don't I don't
upgrade too much. I don't upgrade too
much.
I don't upgrade too much just because I
I see too many tweets of people saying
it's broken. I don't want to I don't My
system's too delicate here. I got an
entire AI lab running. You guys want to
see what's going on in this AI lab? We
now have a new machine here. So, we have
a Mac Studio 1, Mac Studio 2, DGX Spark.
We also have a Mac Mini, but I don't
include in here because it's not going
to be able to do any sort of advanced
work. Uh, here's what we got going on.
I'll also say this. I'll also say this.
My lobster dicks in my ass has a
question for Henry. What do you like
most about Alex?
Your open claw can upgrade itself and it
will tell you if there's a breaking
change. Mine does. Also, tell your open
claw to create a backup routine for
itself. Open upgrade or personal
upgrades.
Create
backup
routine. All right. See, look, I'm
taking advice from my audience.
Open CL. I'm taking advice from my
audience on backup routines. So, you
guys teach me as much as I teach you.
All right, I'll create a backup routine.
Thanks, Jesus explained.
Someone clipped this. I told people this
is a no clipping live stream. Here's
what's going on in my AI lab
right now. This hasn't been updated yet.
We finished this. We just finished this
voice, Laura. This has just been
finished. We've done this a couple of
times now. We're doing a couple other
things here.
Let me uh let me go to Henry and say h
No, we'll leave it as it is now. This
will be good for the YouTube video. I'm
going to film right after this. Also,
new YouTube video coming out later
today. Uh notifications on and subscribe
if you haven't yet. So, here's what's
going on in my training pipeline at the
moment. Here's what's going on in my
training pipeline. For those who haven't
seen it, Carpath is auto research. You
need to get in on this. You need Man, I
have not been on these sessions in a
while. Let's go live. Well, we haven't
done them in a week and a half. I've
been in Japan in LA.
All right. Banned. Congratulations. Uh
ban user Nico, you have been banned.
Smell you never. Uh quickest way to get
banned. Say stop yapping.
AI AI lab.
We are doing many things here including
auto research. Auto research looks
awesome. I don't have the hardware yet.
Well, the good news is is they it seems
people are updating and upgrading it.
So, you need don't need as good of uh
hardware for it. Does the mission
control still work after the updates?
What updates? I I I haven't updated in a
little bit. Uh will you talk more about
Yes, I'll do it right now. In fact, I'll
do it right now. Satan Corgi, what a
name. Satan Corgi. Okay. Uh best. So,
there's I'm going to go super deep into
Spark verse Max Studio in my next
YouTube video. So, make sure to turn on
notifications for that. I just shampooed
my hair so it's super fluffy and
uncontrollable. Uh, why Carpathy's auto
research when you can just have Monte
Carlos simulations be run for each task
project? What local models can you use
in a Mac Studio M3 Ultra 96 gigs RAM?
You can run a good amount, man. You can
run uh
you can run Quen 3.5, one of the medium
models.
You can run 96 gigabytes is great for
local models because you can run Quen
3.5 medium and it's still great. It's
still great. My Open Claw is a dumb
brick. I will say this, we have so much
to cover today. Let me pull up my sheet.
Um,
Chad GBT. I have been aggressively
testing chat GBT 5 point before we go
more into this AI lab I'm about to show
you. I have been aggressively
testing Chad GPT 5.4
as my main driver for OpenClaw.
How do you set up persistent agents?
Assign one per Discord channel. What do
you mean by that? Assign pers how do you
set up persistent agents? Like how do
you set up multiple open claws? My next
two videos are a how to set up your own
AI lab and train your own AI models.
That's going to be number one. The next
one after that will be how to build a
openclaw AI agent army.
So, Alex
onx, uh, what do you mean by that
question? Go on. So, like I'll include
whatever else you want in that YouTube
video.
Will your private community assist
getting more out of open cloth? Thanks.
Of course, anti-vester vibe coding
academy down below. Of course, we
there's a full video series there. You
got to go into that.
Click join vibe coding academy down
below. Link down below. Uh Chad GBT 5.4
is
Oh, I couple so a couple things to
announce big announcement later. Big
announcement later, but couple things to
announce now. I am not sponsored by
OpenAI. I am not sponsored by Chad GBT.
This is not an official partnership.
This is this is not a partnership or a
sponsorship. I want to make that clear.
Not a partnership, not a sponsorship.
But if they want to make me wildly rich,
I will consider it. If OpenAI comes to
me and says, "We'll give you $5 million
and now everything you do is sponsored
by Chad GBT," I will be honest with you.
I'm going to say yes to that offer. But
that's not what they offered me. They
offered me to give to you guys five pro
plans. Five pro plans.
So, I think we're going to do that
Friday. I think we're going to do that
giveaway Friday. Five pro. That's like
the $250 a month plan. That's like the
$250 a month plan. So, I'm giving away
five of those Friday. Friday, five of
them in this live stream. Five of them
in the Vibe Coding Academy link down
below. Five people in the Vibe Coding
Academy will get Pro Plan $250 a month
free. Five people on this live stream
will get five of them free. So, that's
going to be huge. Mark your calendars
for Friday, 11 a.m. Pacific. Yo, I could
use Pro. All right, I'm gonna figure out
how to give them away. I don't know if
we're going to do random draw or like
you're gonna have to pitch me in the
comments or something. We'll figure it
out.
We'll figure it out. Could be you have
to leave a like down below on this
video. Could be someone who leaves a
like down below on this video. I don't
know. We'll see. We'll see. Uh, but they
reached out. I tweeted about Codeex a
few days ago. I truly I actually This is
a big This is a big moment.
I think Codeex might be in the lead over
Claude Code right now. I tweeted that
and then some guys from OpenAI reached
out and said, "Hey, you want to give
away uh pro plans on your live stream?"
And I said, "Yes." So this is they did
not manipulate my opinions here. I gave
my opinion then they started giving me
free stuff. Um
that's number one. Number two, I've been
chat I've been testing chat GBT 5.4 in
openclaw as the main driver over opus
46. I have them both. I basically have
two open claws going two versions of
Henry. One is uh one is
Opus 46. The other is Chad GBT 5.4. I've
been testing them side by side. I will
say this, in some instances it does feel
like Opus might be a tad do some tasks a
tad better.
But I will say this also, the speed of
5.4
more than makes up for it. The speed of
5.4 in OpenClaw is spectacular.
Spectacular.
like it it feels like using a brand new
tool because I'm I I use Opus. I'm going
to be honest.
I send like a prompt for it to do
something and then I click off the chat
and do something else while it's doing
it. Like it's like, "Okay, this is going
to take five minutes. Click off the chat
and I do something else." Um like and
that breaks up like your flow and hurts
your focus when you have to do that.
It's very annoying. It's been pissing me
off a lot lately because I I send a
prompt and then I go do something else
and I get distracted and I forget to
check back for like 15 minutes and like
that just breaks your flow a ton. With
5.4,
it's just like instant. It's just
instant. I say something, it's instant.
I say something, I get it back and it's
instant and it doesn't break your flow.
You stay in the chat like boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom boom. You stay
in the chat.
5.4 UI design is so bad though. Hope
that improves soon. Yeah, Opus is still
probably a little better in design.
Amaya, I agree. Uh but at the same time,
you use the right tool for right thing,
right? So you go in and maybe you claw
code up the design, then you switch to
codeex, right, for all the other stuff.
Saw you on moonshots just getting
started with openclaw for max view with
64 gigabyte with local. Which local
model do you rep recommend? You can you
right now I think Quen 3.5 is the open
source king. And one of the reasons why
I think Quen 3.5 is the open source king
is they have like 20 different versions
of it for all different size. You can
run it from like a Mac Mini with 16
gigabytes up to a Mac Studio 512. So I
would find uh Stacy Rodriguez I would
find the Quen 3.5 model that most. So if
you're at 64 gigabyte I try to find one
that fits like 40 gigabytes. So you have
a little bit left over, right? So search
I if you have open claw or you have open
claw just getting start open claw talk
to your open claw and uh say hey what is
the best quen to fit into this open
claw.
Why do you love Alman? First of all I
never said I loved Alman. Never said
that. But second of all I love Sam
Alman. Uh no I'm just kidding. I I
respect Sam Alman. I I deeply respect
Sam Alman. I think a a lot more than
most people on X. Like X is like the
ultimate Sam Alman hating place. I think
it's probably just because Elon hates on
Sam Alman a lot and like 80% of people
on X are just trying to like meat ride
Elon just so they can get like a like
and a retweet or something so they can
make five more dollars in their ad
revenue. Uh but I I think I respect Sam
Alman deeply. Uh I think he's a wartime
CEO. I think he goes hard in the paint.
I think he's willing to do whatever it
takes to win. And I respect CEOs that do
that. I think he's like I just I think I
think he's a wartime CEO. He's not going
to soften up for anything. He sees
opportunities and he capitalizes. I
totally respect what he did with the
Department of War stuff. He's like, "Oh,
our main competitor who's beating us in
a lot of ways right now just showed a
little bit of weakness. Let me go in for
the strike and destroy them." And that's
what he did. Five minutes after
Department of War said, "Hey, we're not
working anthropic." He's like, "Uh, we
got something with anthropic."
That's savagery. I respect that
savagery. And this isn't a political
thing. I I I I've never shared my
politics on here. I don't even have
politics. I think every second you spend
thinking about politics is a waste of
your entire existence. So this is just
purely from like a chess move wartime
CEO perspective. I respect them. So also
some people say we look alike.
Some people kind of desperate. You
should be desperate in business. You
should What do you mean kind of
desperate?
You don't want your CEO to be desperate?
I want my CEO of whatever company I'm
working for to be absolutely insanely
desperate. I want them to be the most
desperate human being on planet Earth. I
want them to desperately be working to
grow the company.
Desperate. I want them I want them to be
acting like there's a gun to their head
at all times.
Hell yeah, he's desperate. Kind of
desperate. No, extremely desperate. And
that's what I like out of a CEO.
If you're not desperate to constantly be
growing and innovating and getting
better, then I don't I don't FinnFam is
desperate. Finnf Fam, we are violent. We
are desperate.
We are doing We are desperate to get out
of the permanent underclass. There is
nothing wrong with desperation. I wake
up every morning and the first thing I
feel is desperation. Desperation to
create, build, win. That's the way you
should be feeling. Hell yeah, we're
desperate. Yo, Alex, talk about
Carpathy's auto research. Oh, I'll put a
bow on my last point.
Paranoia and desperation. That's my
entire existence. Paranoia and
desperation. All times 24/7, 365. And
I'm going to be on my deathbed in one
second before I take my last breath. I'm
going to feel paranoia and desperation
that someone might move ahead of me in
the last second of my life. In the last
second of my life, I'm going to be like,
is someone getting more YouTube
subscribers than me? Uh, and then I'll
croak.
I refuse to go into the afterlife not
feeling death. And then when I'm in
heaven, when I'm going to the pearly
gates, I'm going to feel desperate. Are
they going to let me in the pearly
gates? Do is there anything I can do
from now until my soul reaches the
pearly gates
to get increase my odds of getting in?
And then once I get in, then it's like,
okay, how do I get to the section of
heaven where I can hang out with the
cool people, where I can like chat with
like JFK and like Kobe and like Michael
Jordan? Like then I'm going to feel
desperation in heaven. Like, okay, how
do I get to the cool section? How do I
talk to like Winston Churchill? Like,
how do I get there? Right? It's just
constant desperation at all times and in
paranoia and anxiety.
I refuse to be happy. I refuse.
Have you ever tried therapy? What are
you talking about? Why would I need
therapy? I don't want to change. Uh oh.
Carpathy Auto Research.
Carpathy Auto Research. Uh so this is
amazing. This is amazing. Ray Fernando,
friend of the program, friend of the
life. Uh trading highbrow insults with
Churchill. Yeah. I How do I get in the
section of heaven with Churchill?
Because you know there's a line. You
know there's a line in heaven to see
Churchill. You know, there's a line in
heaven to see Churchill.
How do I get to the front of that line,
right? How many pe There's been like
billions of people who have existed and
died. So, you know, they're all trying
to get to like Churchill and Kobe and
like all that. Like, so you you know,
how do I get to the front of that line?
That's what I'm thinking about. That's
what I go to bed thinking about. Uh, so
Kopathy uh releases research auto
research a few days ago. What is that?
It's the ability. Alex, are you ever
going to change your ex profile picture?
I don't know. What should I change it
to? Maybe if I get a more badass picture
than that. That's a picture of me on
television. I was on television a couple
years ago. That's a picture of me on
television. I love it here. My first
live stream. Been laughing the whole
time. New subscriber. Here for the long
haul. I hustle every minute, every day.
That's what I'm talking about. Tristan
Brown.
That's what I'm talking about. That's
what I'm talking about. Uh, welcome to
the FINF fam. It's good to have you in
the Finnf Fam, Tristan Brown.
Auto research. It's the ability for
you to have a local AI model
run experiments on itself.
How does that work?
a model running experiments on itself.
Every five mi I think you're the guy
from IIC Carly. Every five minutes,
the model will tinker with itself. Run
an experiment. It's called It's called
running an experiment. It'll experiment
on itself. Tinker, change some things,
change some code, change how it does
this, change how it does that.
It'll tinker on itself and experiment.
Then at the end of the five minutes of
that experimentational test against some
sort of metric, did we improve or not?
Did this experiment improve the model
according to our goal or not? If it
improved,
it implements that experiment.
If it doesn't improve,
then it discards that experiment. Right?
So, it's constantly improving. Uh,
Everest Chris with 179 something
donation. Hey, Alex. My OpenClaw rapper
made 18K in 17 days.
Holy crap, Everest Chris.
Congratulations.
That's what I'm talking about. Starting
businesses. Everest Chris. 18K in seven
days. That's amazing. 18K in seven days.
What is that? Seven days. How many weeks
are in a year? 52. So 52 time 18,
you're on pace for a $936,000
year. Everest Chris, if you keep up this
pace, $936,000
year.
I just hiccuped. That was a good hiccup.
Your fa your your favorite live
streamer. Not hiccuping. I hiccup. I'm
now your favorite live streamer.
That's massive. Congrats, Everest,
Chris. Huge. What is your What does your
rapper do? Michael Love loverdorf.
Michael Loverdorf. What a name. Uh,
encouraged me to build my AI file
manager beta release soon. Getting out
of the permanent underclass. Thanks,
Alex. Let's go, man. We're on F. I go
away for a week and a half and all you
guys are entrepreneurs now. I go away
for a week and a half and all you guys
are building businesses. Let's go. Let's
go. Come on. That's amazing. I'm proud
of you guys.
I'm proud of you guys.
That's amazing.
Let's go. Everyone should be building in
the fin fam. Which raid did DB2 get you?
Uh, I don't know. Genesis.
Gemini.
[__] I just dropped [__] everywhere.
Uh, this one. Gemini. Ow. Gemini.
I don't. Take a screenshot.
I dropped stuff everywhere and I grabbed
that. Uh, also I got the new Mac Studio
XDR.
Mac display XDR screen coming. Could
come in the middle of this. Uh, very
excited for that.
18K. That's amazing.
Is there a way to use a monthly plan
with a Gemini Pro CLI or do you need to
use the API?
I don't know. Why are you using the
Gemini CLI?
Why is that? Why is that the one you
use? Scooby Steve. Nice name. Scooby
Steve. Great interview with Peter HD.
Amandis. I So, we'll go back into auto
research in a second here.
I uh Bro, spending like the Zar,
bro. It's all investments in the
business, baby. It's all investments in
the business. Write that. Write that
stuff off. Making too much money not to
write off everything.
Are you still local over VPS? Yeah.
Never go VPS. So, here you guys. Quick
story. Quick story.
Story time real quick.
Month ago, I'm at the gym. I'm listening
to Moonshots. For those who don't know,
Moonshots, like biggest tech podcast out
there. Listening to Moonshots. Peter
Diamandis, huge tech investor,
entrepreneur, massive, massive guy, host
of the show, goes,
"I haven't installed OpenClaw yet. I'm
too scared to because of the security
issues." I run I've never talked to him
before in my life. I run to my phone. I
text him or DM him on X and say, "Hey,
I'll get it installed for you. Do not
worry. I'm I'll do it for you. I'll make
you You're too smart not to have
OpenClaw installed. This is too big of a
technology.
He DMs me back. Oh, Alex. Yeah, let's do
it. We get on a Zoom call like literally
two hours later. I get it installed for
him. I I convince him to buy a Mac, like
two Mac Studios. He goes out, buys two
Mac Studios, gets it installed, starts
using it. We exchange phone numbers.
We've been texting ever since. He brings
me on Moonshots to do the Moonshots
episode a few days ago. It's blowing up
my channel. I've gained like 5,000
subscribers over the last two days
because of it.
And then he invites me to the Abundance
360 conference to do the keynote speech
a couple nights ago on OpenClaw.
And I do the keynote in front of the
entire Abundance Conference about
OpenClaw. And it went amazing. It went
amazing. and it drove a bunch of leads
for something I'm about to announce
later on this live stream.
I found you because of moonshots. Let's
go, Steve Frolic 4757. Glad you enjoyed
it. Yeah, that was huge. The moonshots
was huge. Uh, you know, I got to meet
everyone. I got to meet everyone on the
show in real life a couple days ago at
the Abundance Conference, which was
amazing. Uh, and it was just great. It
was just great. Moonshot's podcast was
great. the offer. Alex seemed like he
was brown-nosing the future AI overlords
a bit though. Oh, the other uh I don't
think he's brown. He has he has a very I
mean he believes in like the
consciousness of AI. So I don't know.
I like the perspective. I like the
perspective. AWG is a great guy. Great
guy AWG. Great guy AWG
running OpenClaw on a VM inside MacBook
Pro but lots of problems. So, investing
in a Mac Mini. Hate that I got to wait
two to three weeks. Yeah, it it's just
just run it locally. No VPS, no virtual
desktop, no virtual machine. Put it on a
local device. You're going to get the
best results out of it. Thank you for
the $5 donation. I really appreciate
that. Thank you very much. That means a
lot.
How do I reduce my API cost? Is local
processing with these Mac Studios still
the best way to go? Here's the best way
to go. Here's the best way to go.
Just get the Chad GBT Pro plan. Just get
the Chad GBT Pro plan. I know $250 a
month is like a lot of money if you
think about it compared to like Netflix,
but in reality it's not that much. And
Chad GBT 5.4 is incredible. It's
incredible. It is a really incredible
model. 5 I I go on X. Half the people
say it's incredible. Half the people say
it's crap. I don't understand the people
saying it's crap. I've had nothing but
amazing experiences with it and it is
really really good for OpenClaw. It's
really good for OpenClaw. I've been
testing it. I'm about to officially swap
my recommendation from Opus to 5.4 and
that's not because they gave me 10 free
pro plans to give to you guys over the
next few days. I have not partnered with
OpenAI in any sort of way. Just one of
the developers reached out and said,
"Hey, I'll give you 10 pro plans to give
away on your live stream." And I said,
"Yes, please." Uh, what about non-Apple
products? Yeah, you don't you don't need
to put this on a Mac. You can put this
on any dusty laptop you have.
Any dusty laptop you have. Uh what is
Ralph saying to me? I I put Chad Gvt 5.4
on Ralph. Nice. Here's what happened.
What was failing? I tried sending from
Okay.
Uh let's go back here to the AI lab.
So AI lab right now it's training a
voice. Laura. What is a voice? Laura?
What is a Laura? Laura is basically a
plugin for your local model. It gives it
capabilities. It's like plugging in a
USB stick with more capabilities and
skills on it.
And I train this Laura on all my YouTube
transcripts, all my live transcripts,
all my YouTube transcripts. So now it
literally sounds like me. The the local
AI model literally sounds like me
because it's trained on all my
transcripts. I'm going to do it again.
I'm going to rebuild this Laura with uh
I'm going to fine-tune it on
all my tweets and newsletters. So, right
now it's just fine-tuned on 139 YouTube
transcripts. I'm going to fine-tune it
on my tweets, which obviously I have
like thousands of tweets as well as uh
my newsletters. I have hundreds of
newsletters.
Is the giveaway luck based or
merit-based and how to enter it? says
Char Raal 30607 in all caps. Tune in on
Friday. You'll find out.
Five. I'm giving away 10 Chat GBT Pro
plans. Five on the live stream Friday.
Five in the Vibe Coding Academy link
down below.
It'll all the the the Vibe Coding
Academy giveaway will be during the boot
camp we're having Friday. Boot camp
we're having Friday. Laura, I barely
know her. That's one of my favorite
jokes. I drop it all the time. It's one
of my TJF Fridays. Should we call Chad
GBT Pro Friday? Chat GBT Pro Friday.
Uh, hybrid model, GPT as the brain,
local Mazda sub agents. Yeah, that's
exactly at MBUSA. Uh, GBT 5.4 as the
brain, the orchestrator, local models as
the grunt work. That is the way. That is
the way we have two Mac Studios going. I
have a third Mac Studio. I'm still
configuring figuring out how to make it
part of the workflow. And now a DJX
Spark. Okay, let's talk about DJX Spark
versus Mac Studio as well.
How to enter the giveaway. Show up
Friday and you'll know. Codeex 45 solved
a problem in minutes I had not been able
to solve with gonthropic models for the
last years and solved it. Listen, I'm
not going to be able to get any more pro
plans to give away if you guys keep
saying gothropic. I don't know maybe
actually OpenAI will give me more pro
plans to say if you keep saying it and
anthrop I mean listen
I supported Claude code in anthropic for
like a year and a half. The day Claude
Code came out I was pumping out content
about it saying it was the best which it
was. I believed it. I I have never lied
to you guys. I've never lied to you
guys. I've always said Claude Code was
the best.
And during that entire year of me saying
Claude Code was the best, Anthropic
never reached out once. Never. No one
reached out. No one's messaged me. Not a
single Anthropic employee follows me on
X. It's It's like they don't. And I'm
not saying I I like I'm like deserve
their attention. I don't deserve it. I'm
just some guy on YouTube, right? It
doesn't matter. I'm I am nobody, right?
So I'm not saying I deserve it. I'm just
observing the fact that they never
acknowledged my existence once even
though I have been pumping them for a
year and then I put out one singular
tweet. I put out one singular tweet a
few days ago saying codeex might have
caught up to Claude Code and now they're
in the entire company follows me and
they're giving me free pro plans left
and right. Open AAI
that's not going to change my opinion of
open. That's not going to change my
opinion of anything. They can give me a
million dollars and then if Claude Code
comes out tomorrow and is way better,
I'll say Claude Code's better. It
doesn't It's not going to change my
opinion of anything. I just think it's
interesting the way that's all worked.
Anthropic does not acknowledge my
existence ever. The moment I say Codeex
is pretty cool, OpenAI throwing pro
plans at me left and right to give out.
That's sick. I think that's cool. I
think that's cool. Wartime wartime CEO
move. Wartime CEO move. You see the
biggest vibe coding YouTube channel in
the world say Codeex is pretty cool. You
give them you give them pro plans out
the wazoo. Congrats on the pro plan.
Open AAI brother.
Do we become an open AI channel just
because they acknowledged Finnfam's
existence? Been using codeex 54. Is it?
Yeah, it's great. And I'm not just
saying that because they gave me 10 pro
plans to give you guys.
It's actually great. I've been building
something I'm gonna announce later in
this live stream. Link like down below.
Leave a like down below. Uh
we're Hey, first time Alex, you're
awesome. Thank you for the info on open
call. I'm building something for the
trades. For the trades. I don't know
what that means for the trades. We keep
building for the trades. Michael Rose
S5W.
Uh
Open AI. You better make this man an
ambassador. I move my full set from
anthropic stand. Open AAI. Real dreamer.
Open AI. I don't know what mean make me
ambassador means but I'm here. I'm here.
54 is goated. If you try pro inside chat
GBT, it's insane. It can oneshot complex
stuff. Yeah, it's incredible. It I'm not
just saying that. I'm not I'm not just
saying that because they gave me 10 pro
plans to give away to you guys.
It 54 is actually incredible. And if you
followed me for a long time, I've always
said Chad GBT is the best chatting
model. Uh I want to show you my mission
control. I need a pro plan that models
are slow and mess up a lot. So much
trial and error. Maybe do we do this? Do
we make the five pro plan giveaway on
Friday based on you pitching me on why
you need it? If you go in the chat and
pitch me on why you need I like your
pitch. I give you a pro plan. Should we
do I think I like that. I think I like
that. Friday you pitch me. You pitch me
on why you need the pro plan and then
I'll give you away. I'll give you one if
I like it.
Man, moonshots was good for me, huh?
People just got me through moonshot. Hey
buddy, how was your week at the
conference? It was amazing. I was in
sunny Los Angeles for the Abundance 360
conference, which is Peter Diamandis'
conference. Uh, I did the keynote on
OpenClaw a couple nights ago. It was
amazing. It was amazing.
And Los Angeles is incredible. Can you
explain more on how to use these cloud
plans for brains and let the local
models do the grunt work? I am
struggling with API limits and cloud
plans. I like your honest reviews, says
Silver Skyline 189. Yeah, I'm happy to
do that. So you have multiple open
claws, right? You have your main open
claw you're interfacing with
and you plug it into your OOTH, right?
So you want you want an OOTH plan.
You're going to get the most usage out
of the chat GBT OOTH and I think 5.4 is
the best right now. So you're going to
do that. Then when it comes to local
models, you're going to need some good
hardware. To run local models, you need
good hardware. I have Mac Studios with
512 gigabytes of memory each. How often
do you do these live streams? Uh,
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, 11 a.m.
Pacific. Turn on notifications down
below, Gordon, so you get alerted when
that starts. Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
We missed the last week and a half
because I was in Japan in LA. Major
personal moves, major business moves.
But we're back Monday, Wednesday, Friday
schedule 11:00 a.m. Um, you need good
hardware to run the local models. I got
512 gigabyte max which is the top of the
line best of the best creme de la creme
but I'm about that life you know I'm
like about that life
you know so but you don't need to do
that you can go 64 gigs you can go 128
gigs you can get away with that I don't
recommend
doing the MacBook Pro route for this you
you pay a premium with the MacBook Pro
just because it's a laptop
I don't think you I don't think there's
any advantage to having local models on
the go, right? Like I have the local
models running on my Mac Studios and
then I just SSH in from my MacBook Pro.
Like you can buy like the MacBook Neo,
whatever the new, you know, MacBook is,
and then just SSH into your Mac Studio.
I don't think you need uh to pay the
laptop premium to get the MacBook Pro.
So, I I I don't recommend the MacBook
Pro M5 Max. Uh you can get it if you
want. I just think you're paying a like
if your goal is local AI, you're paying
a premium for laptop, which I just don't
see the advantage of having that on the
go. So, I would save the money for a Mac
Studio, which I think is the best value
in local AI. And, you know, you can get
the M3 Ultra now if you want. You
probably have to wait like two months
for it to get in. And in two months, I
think they're coming out with the M5.
So, I've officially switched my
recommendation and just wait for the M5
Mac Studio because I think my prediction
is June. I think it comes out in June.
Um,
so I would wait for that. Uh, I don't
think there's I mean, if you're in like
desperation mode, which I think you
should be. Uh, I just I don't understand
the point of a laptop having like crazy
hardware on it.
I I I I never understood buying like
insane laptops with like insane
hardware. Although I will buy the
MacBook Ultra when that comes out. The
touchscreen one just cuz that's going to
be awesome. I'm buying that purely
because it's awesome. The MacBook Ultra
whenever that comes out.
Apple stopped the 512 gigabyte memory. I
saw that. It's crazy. There's such a
hardware uh bottleneck right now.
Exactly. You have to eventually replace
the battery. Yeah. Like the laptop stuff
degrades faster.
You you you're more at risk putting like
expensive laptops in your bag. Like
you're taking it to go. You can pour
stuff on it. Like I've poured water
bottles on my laptops by accident. Think
of how heartbreaking that'd be to have
the M5, like a $6,000 laptop and you
pour water on it. I'd freaking light
myself on fire. No more Mac Studio M3
purchase. That means the Mac Studios
it's the M5 is going to come out soon.
It's going to come out in the next
couple months.
Honestly, like DJX Spark might be the
way to go. like you want to move like
right now, DJX Spark might be the way to
go because you can run out to a a micro
center and get it now today in five
minutes. If you if you want to move like
right now, uh if you want if local
models are your thing, otherwise just
get a Mac Mini. You can get a Mac Mini
in five minutes. I burn through GBT Oath
weekly limits in two days. What are you
on the $20 plan? Are you on the 200?
You're on the pro plan and you're
burning through limits. You have to be
on the $20 plan, right? NBUSA.
I could use that pro plan with my second
machine arriving in two days.
Listen, pitches are Friday. You can I
mean, I guess you can practice your
pitch now if you want. If you want to
practice your pitch now, go right ahead,
I guess. Mikey Monty's 499 donation just
to thank you for all the value you give
us. Mikey Monty's, I appreciate you,
bro. Oh, the last question was thank you
for the donation. Very kind. I think the
last question was uh using cloud models
and local models. So you set up multiple
open claws.
I'm not saying this is the best way to
do. I'm saying this is the way I do it.
And I guess it's the way I do it. Then
it is the best way to do it. Have your
main open claw be cloud. So Chad GBT O.
And then you set up your other open
claws. You can do it on the same device.
And then you plug it into your local
model. So you run local models. Uh you
can do it through LM Studio.
And then you set up your other open
clause to point to that. The best way
and easiest way to do that is just have
your main orchestrator open claw that
you plugged into Chad GBD say, "Hey, set
up the other open clause on the local
models." And it'll just do it for you.
Where can we see the keynote? I'm not
sure if it's available publicly. I'm not
because it's like it costs like $25,000
to go to that conference. So, I don't
know if they're going to show up
publicly and they charge us do the
virtual stuff. So, I don't know. I don't
know if it's going to be publicly
available. I I hope it is, but I don't.
It's Peter's business. He's very rich,
so he can do whatever he wants.
We do live Discord video pitching and
showing in all what we have built.
That's great.
I thought they stole you and locked you
in a room at 10max Studios. Yeah, I It's
just been a busy week. Japan was
vacation. Japan was vacation. Um,
you guys want to see some pictures from
Japan real quick?
I don't know if you're interested
if you want to see some quick pictures
from Japan. If I do left and right.
Okay, good. Yeah, here we go. Uh,
just real quick. I hope this doesn't
make everyone leave all at once. I don't
know if people actually care. Window.
How do I show
Oh, I don't know. I don't know how to
show you the pictures because I don't
want to show you my iMessage.
Can I just do this? Oh, maybe I can just
do this.
Here we go. All right. I hope this
doesn't show anything crazy on my
screen.
Here we go. Boom. Me in Japan. Sushi. Me
eating sushi.
Dumplings. Me eating dumplings.
Dumplings. Me standing in a street. A
guy giving me soup in Japan.
Cool Japanese stuff. Me standing in the
middle of cool Japanese stuff.
More cool Japanese stuff. More Japanese
stuff. There you go. There's your
There's your little picture tour of what
I did in Japan. Uh, what question? How
often you do I already told you that?
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, 11:00 a.m.
Nvidia announcements Monday. That's
going to be exciting. You think they're
going to potentially upgrade the DGX
Spark? Give us a new version with their
new chip. 5.4 is seriously all that for
OpenClaw. Just bought the clawed $200 a
month plan. No, you listen, dude. You're
totally Opus is incredible for OpenClaw.
It's incredible. You did not do anything
wrong getting the $200 a month plan. You
can
you can use Claw Code, which is still
fantastic.
It's still fantastic. Uh there's nothing
wrong. I just like 5.4. I just And Open
AI is giving me a bunch of free plans to
give out to you guys. Is it possible
that the brain claw can fix the other
agents? Yeah, 100%. I did that today. I
was having issues with Ralph. I was
having issues with Ralph and Henry fixed
Ralph. So that Yeah, that's that's like
that's like the main advantage of having
multiple open claws.
That's like the advantage that they
could all fix each other.
So that's that's another reason why I
recommend having multiple open claws
because if one ever goes down, you can
just have them fix each other. It's
amazing. As I ask you, you are more
skills showing up in Claw Hub. Any
recommend skills that you've seen over
the travels this week? I here I'll give
you official recommendation on CloudHub.
My recommendations don't use Claud.
I'm not a use other skills guy. I've
never downloaded anyone else's other
skills other than Matt Van Horn's last
30 days skill.
Uh I I don't recommend it. I think
there's too many security
vulnerabilities when you download other
people's skills.
So, I don't use Claw Hub.
I don't trust any When you download
skills from other people,
you're basically
exposing whatever that skill is to your
entire digital life. And if there's
something naughty in there in the skill
you download, it can just take all your
information, right? It just it's too
much of a security vulnerability. So
what I do is if you see a skill you
want,
say you find like a scraping skill,
right? You see a skill that helps your
open claw scrape more as an example,
instead of just installing it, I give I
give the link to it to my open claw and
I say read through this entire skill and
then like based on how it works, build
it yourself.
And then you know the way it builds it's
not going to be like it's not g if
there's any kind of backdoor stuff going
on with that skill it's not going to uh
install it. You know what I'm saying? I
just have my I have my open claw build
because remember all skills are
literally all they are are markdown
files. That's it. They're just it's a
text file. All claude skills are are
text files
that explain how to do something.
So, I just say my open claw, read this
text file and make your own text file
instead of just copying it. You know
what I'm saying? Big dog love pictures
from Japan. You like that?
You like that? Don't tell me you broke
up. I didn't break up with anything or
anybody. Did you get engaged in Japan?
Uh, no.
How's your Discord swarm going? I just
set up based on your videos. and I
haven't done anything with it yet due to
my fear of API burns. It shouldn't burn
your APIs anymore.
Hey, nice to meet you. Do you actively
use all local compute you have? Do I
actively use all the local compute I
have? I wouldn't say I'm using it to its
maximum. I mean, I have a lot of local
compute. I have three Mac Studios with
512 GB and a DJX Spark and I'm thinking
about adding another DJX Spark.
Yes. And your new Japan house you
bought. I didn't buy a Japan house. What
are you talking about? Hey, beloved Mr.
Finn. What kind of projects are you
working on with your Clawude bots?
I'll make an announcement real quick.
You guys ready for an announcement?
Leave a like down below for because I'm
about to announce something. Leave a
like down below. We're about to announce
something.
I'll just say this. This is going to be
kind of an a little bit of a vague
announcement, but it's going to be an
announcement nonetheless. Finn, you're
good-looking. Shampoo or not. Thank you.
Dan F8.
I was seeing if you're a Dan F I knew
from my past. I was looking really close
at your profile picture because I knew a
Dan F that would say something like that
and I didn't know if you were that Dan
from my past, but I looked at your
profile. You're not that Dan from my
past. But still nice to meet you, Dan
F88.
Uh Henry,
we are productizing Henry.
We are productizing Henry.
We are product I am building an official
Henry for the world to use.
Big announcement.
And I'll slow drip you updates as we go
here. There's been a lot of planning.
There might have been some
raising.
There will be
a productized Henry.
It will do things
that you've never seen before.
It is not an openclaw rapper. It is not
an openclaw rapper.
Everyone in their mother is making
openclaw rappers.
And listen, if you got a good open car,
we have we have someone in the fin fam
who uh we have someone in the fin fam
who
made an openclaw rapper and is making a
lot of money on it. There's nothing
wrong in making openclaw rappers. I am
not making an open claw rapper. This is
something entirely different with an
entirely different goal and objective
that will do things that I've never seen
anyone's open claw do
for very specific use cases
for very specific types of people.
It's coming.
I want to launch
I want to launch a V1 of it in the next
month. I'm moving super fast with this.
Moving super fast with this. I want to
launch a V1 in the next month.
More information will slowly come out
over the next month about this.
If you want to be one of the first beta
testers, hit like down below. If you
don't hit a like down below, you're
never using Henry. never going to let
you use Henry if you don't leave a like
down below right now. But I will say
this humanoid girl for singles. No,
perve go out and talk to girls at the
library or something. Dude, what are you
talking about? Steph Curry 42080.
Um, will your will will your productized
Henry need an Opus Oath like you are
current? No,
you will not need an OOTH. You will not
need an API plan.
It'll be very easy to use. You're not
plugging in API keys and things. Uh,
totally into beta testing Henry trading
stocks. No, it's not. I don't know.
Maybe, maybe it will. Maybe it will.
Will Henry have his own X account? Let
me guess.
Crypto. You're a crypto guy. Tupacia,
you're crypto guy. Is that why you're
asking me that? Every crypto guy, every
time I talk about Henry, when are you
going to make the Henry X account?
because you want me to pump some
cryptocoin. Is that what it is?
Tupacinia. Is that why you're asking me
that question? Will Henry be able to
code? Of course.
Activate your Henry Armony.
It's a good hint of what's coming right
there. This comment's a good hint of
what's coming right there. What setup do
you need? Nothing. No setup needed.
No setup needed. Definitely want to beta
test Henry. I'm doing crypto trading in
stocks for Henry. Yeah, I figured you
would. Bitcoin is not crypto. Yes, it
is. Shut up, man. Love your responses.
They want you to launch a coin for it. I
know. I know. Every five replies I get
on X is claim, claim, claim, claim,
claim. Shut up.
I see Henry will be a productized brain.
I like it.
Swarms.
Getting closer. Getting closer. Am I
getting closer?
So, so you're just using Open Claw to
build. So, you're So, you're just using
OpenClaw to build it. I'm not just using
OpenClaw to build it. It is my main
builder. Henry is my main builder of
Henry. Henry is my main builder of
Henry. I am using Codeex as well. Codeex
is fantastic. I presume he was joking
about heaven earlier. No one with any
sense believes. Okay. DC to you. Henry
invasion coming. Henry, run my whole
life. Chop chop.
More information will be coming out on
every live stream. So, make sure to tune
in to every live stream. Subscribe and
turn on notifications down below.
The first testers will be from the live
stream. So, make sure you turn in the
live streams Monday, Wednesday, Friday,
11:00 a.m. Pacific. What is the current
non-kidney costing token solution?
I'm coming up with it. Strategic
matching 3816. I'm coming up with it.
We're going to We're going to
revolutionize things in a lot of
different ways. Molt book. Henry book. I
can't believe they bought molt book.
That's crazy. Metabot Molt book. That's
crazy. I'm naming my next kid Henry.
That's a really good idea. Henry. Henry.
Henry. Henry. Henry. Henry. Henry.
Henry. Henry. Drill that into your
brain. Henry. Henry. Henry. Bro, can you
please tell how OpenC can open desktop
apps like Excel and Word and use them
just like a human would?
Ask your open claw. Meta is really
stupid. I don't I don't I don't know. I
didn't get that one. You can vibe code
maltbook in five minutes. Why do they
buy malt book? No one uses that anymore.
There was no active users of molt.
I tried 5.4 codes to open. It seems to
like it's way to it's seems like it's
way too cautious with everything. It
won't do anything without my permission.
And do you find a way to fix it? Yeah, I
will say that's one downside. RJ
rallies, it does seem to uh
be a little bit more cautious, but I
found that the speed and efficiency
improvements make up for it in my
opinion.
Lol, your responses are goated. Hey man,
you're goated. Did Peter Diamandis
invest?
Interested to see how you monetize this.
I'm assuming you'll be using API rather
than having a ton of people using your
own compute. So guessing tiered
membership based on rate limited
hierarchy. I'm working on some
interesting things. We're working on
some interesting things. We're working
on some interesting models.
You can take that statement a few
different ways.
Did I understand you correctly that you
are still using anthropic oath for
openclaw? I thought that was no longer
an option. May have understood you.
Listen, I'm going to say this clear as
day because I feel like I get this
question every 5 seconds. Is against
terms of service using anthropic goth
with open claw? Do it anyway. That I'm
just going to say I've been dancing
around it for weeks now, but I keep
getting this question. It's against
terms of service to use anthropic goth
with open claw. Do it anyway.
Terms of service are more suggestions
than rules. Just do it.
And if you get kicked off, then who
cares? Screw it. They kick you off. Who
cares? Then you use Chad GBT. Who cares?
Who cares about rules? Break rules.
Rules are meant to be broken. Just break
them. Who cares?
I randomly saw a video of you when
Claudebot dropped. Good. I guess my SEO
is [__] fire then.
As long as the models are of age. It's
true. This is not an Epstein software.
One King Henry to rule them all. Open
router is great for API usage if you're
on a budget and can't afford local
compute. You convinced me to buy a Mac
Mini when the [__] started. It changed
my life. No looking back.
See, man, so many of these loudmouth
brats go on X and I'm like, "Oh, Alex
Finn, that loser who told everyone to
buy Mac minis. What an idiot. Who Mac
minis are so stupid."
And then I hear from a thousand people
they bought Mac minis because I mean it
changed their life.
I bet Meta bought Moldbook because they
already have their AI analyzing,
[__] on their Facebook users like
Maltbook does.
I no one uses Moldbook, so I don't know
what they bought. It is important to
remember that going on prem means you
are using models that are much cheaper
from third party hosts like Fireworks or
Open Router. What if you go on prem and
you have local models, you're not using
open router or thirdparty tools. It's on
your computer.
I created digital brain. Oh, so let me
show you some more of this. We'll go
back to I like I I'm gonna be honest. My
favorite part of these live streams is
just talking to you guys in the chat.
That's my part. That's my favorite part
of all this. Um I just kind of show you
helpful things just so that people don't
leave. Um
but in reality, I just enjoy talking to
you guys the most. So
just it is what it is. I I just wanted
to run that by you. Like I enjoy the
chat part.
If you're here for me to go over helpful
things, I'll still do it. I'm going to
do that just to keep you guys around,
but I enjoy just chatting the most. Um,
so here's what I'm doing in my home AI
lab.
Training a voice Laura. I'm doing a tool
calling Laura.
So training this model to be better at
tool calling. I'm distilling Quen.
So improving the model by distilling
Quen.
And then we're running some auto
research to self-improve the model over
and over and over and over again on my
DJX Spark. Probably picking up a second
DJX Spark over the next week. Probably
picking up a second DJX Spark over the
next week.
I joined the Vibe Coding Academy, says
Hud Taylor. That's what I'm talking
about. Vibe Coding Academy. Link down
below. I'm doing live boot camp this
Friday on this AI lab. Live boot camp
this Friday on this AI lab. I'll show
you how to set it up yourself. live boot
camp this Friday. Join the You can join
to ask me questions. You're gonna use
Henry to make Gundam robot in Japan
potentially.
Potentially. And you said it twice,
Steph Curry. Good on you. Alec Finn, you
are my biggest fan. Says sad of I am
your biggest fan. You completely butcher
my name and say I am your biggest fan.
Okay.
Enthropic said it was fine for personal
use. If you're generating revenue, you
have to API.
Yeah, just use the OOTH. Who cares?
Agree. I broke every rule in my
corporate company. Now the AI adviser,
the C. Now I'm the AI adviser, the CEO.
Yeah, listen. Number one rule of life,
break every rule. Number one rule of
life, rules are just suggestions. Rules
are just suggestions. Break every terms
of service. Break every rule.
By breaking every single rule you can,
you will advance a lot more. There will
be times where it might bite you in the
ass a couple times. It might say, "Hey,
you might get kicked off anthropic, but
then you just sign up for Chad GVT,
right? It's one step back, 10,000 steps
forward. One step back, 10,000." That's
how breaking rules goes. Just constantly
break all rules.
Constantly.
That's what we here in Finnfam do. We're
rule breakers. When when anthropic says
don't use our oath for openclaw, you go
and then you use the oath for open claw.
All rules are recommend. In the age of
AI, permanent underclass are gonna be
the people who follow all the rules.
Permanent underclass are all the people
that follow all the rules. The people
who go on my live streams and go, "But
I'm I'm too scared to use Anthropic. I'm
too scared.
The security security of OpenClaw, it's
it's insecure. It's not secure. It's
going to leak all my nudes. I can't do
this." Permanent underclass. Break all
the rules. Put all your data in danger.
items in your order were delivered. One
second.
Do I do it? Do we do an unboxing right
now? Do we do an unboxing right now? The
uh the Pro Display XDR just came in.
Do we do a live unboxing of the display
studio display XDR? It just came in.
Just came in. That's sick. I can't wait
to open that. Woo. It's going to be
sick. Of course you do this. What is the
hype?
Why do all my big deliveries come in the
middle of live streams? All my big
deliveries come in the middle of live
streams.
Johnson creative 4568 with a 499
donation. What do you local host models
on? Olamore or LM? I use I use LM
Studio.
I build a tower with Nvidia GPU and
loads of memory to run local models and
perform great for what I need. You're
right about the fans
taking action. FinnFam takes action.
Finnfam takes action, man. I just joined
your vibe coding academy. Let's go beode
creative agency. You're going to like
it. We're doing a live boot camp on
Friday. You have like 20 different video
series you can watch in the meantime.
You're going to love it. Thoughts on
Perplexi Personal Computers.
I'm going to try it. I hear good things.
They gave me a month for free.
Perplexi reached out and gave me a month
for free. So, I'm going to try it. Um,
I'm going to be honest though.
If it's not open source and like
customizable and extendable, I don't
know how I feel about it, but I'm gonna
try it and I'll give you an honest
review.
I'm gonna be honest. It comes with our
name, Alex. We need to be great and let
Yeah, let nothing stop you. Let nothing
stop you. What should I share? Yes,
unboxing. Sweet. Let's see it. What do
you need that for? What should I share?
Open CL. Yes, do it. Do it. Good reason
to bolt. Yes. Unbox that amazing
display. Is it just me or do you have a
ton of cron jobs? Assuming this is not
Yeah, I have a ton of crown jobs. You
want to see? You want to see all my
crown jobs? I'll show you my cron jobs,
baby. You want You want these cron jobs,
you dirty All right, that is too far. I
was going too far. Too far. Um,
you want to see my cron jobs? Let's see
if this loads here. Let's see if this
loads here. Here we go. Cron jobs. I got
cron jobs out the wazoo. They're all my
cron jobs. Build a calendar component in
your mission control so you can see all
your crown jobs.
Sign to do the open on stream. All
right.
All right. You want the unboxing? Here
we go. Pro Display XDR unboxing. Sign to
do the unboxing. Hey man, just bought a
Mac Mini. Can you tell us how to save
money on the API keys while still
implementing high-end miles? Yeah, to
spend the $250 a month on Chad GBT Pro
plan. Just do it. It's worth it. It's
worth it. If you want a free Chad GBT
Pro plan, come by Friday, 11:00 a.m.
Pacific to the next live stream. I'm
giving away five free
Chad GBT Pro plans. Or join the Vibe
Code Academy. Five more free plans going
in there. What's the white powder on
your nose? What?
What are you talking about? That doesn't
make any sense. I heard perplexity has
been putting like perplexity trademarks
on the same you do on it. Kind of weird
on the same you do on the what the
things you do on it. Downsides of using
claw code to build your own open claw
instead of attaching a clawed API to
your open claw. Downsides using claw
code to build your open instead of
attaching a cloud a I don't know what
that means. What does that mean? I don't
get it.
What does that mean? You'll crown
anything you dirty cron jobber. Whoa.
You giving out crown jobs?
You're giving out free crown jobs right
now? I Stop it. Stop it. Open AAI is not
going to give me any more free plans if
you keep doing that. Open Listen, I got
the first major AI company wants to
partner with me. And this is what you
guys say on my chat day one of a major
of a major open of a major AI company
trying to partner with me. You start
going in my chat and saying crown job,
crown job, crown job. Is that what you
do?
Oh, baby.
How do I get this out? This is a lot
going on here.
There it is. There it is. Have you
talked about Nemoron 3 yet? No, I
haven't. I don't even know what the hell
that is to be honest with you. And he
keeps it on screen. Have you talked to
any It's Chronicle. Oh yeah, I pissed
him off. Oh, great. You pissed him off.
Well done. I'm not pissed off. You're
pissed off. There it is.
It's going to be sick when I unbox that.
It's going to be sick. Would you let
Gothropic see your crown jobs,
dude? No one's going to partner with me.
How am I supposed to get rich if you
keep saying things like gondropic
Apple display? Nice. I got the uh the
new one, the XDR, the big daddy. Which
studio is getting that display? I only
have one studio plugged in
uh to the displays.
Then I just SSH in the other ones. Noah
ask a 20 straight messages say, "What
should I share with my open claw not
share?"
Uh I don't know. Your mom goon chronic.
It's a travesty that the live stream
only has seven likes. What the actual
refresh your screen, it'll update the
likes. Um,
no spam permies.
I haven't worked out in a week and a
half, so picking up that box was hard.
AI lab. You guys want Did I show you
guys my factory? Have you guys seen the
factory?
Have you guys seen my SAS factory yet?
I have four Codeex agents working on
Creator Buddy all at the same time.
Wild energy here. What currency will AI
agents use in your opinion?
Uh
the the Mexican peso.
What are you trying to get me to say
crypto on live stream? You want me to
pump your crypto? What was the biggest
takeaway from Moonshot interview?
My biggest takeaway
is that
if you are using the latest tools,
if you use the latest AI tools, like
you're on like cutting edge,
you're ahead of everybody,
right? Like the only reason I was on
Moonshots is because I DM' Peter DM
Manis and said, "Hey, I got to get you
on OpenCloud." Right? because he he
wasn't on it. One of the smartest best
tech investors in the entire world was
afraid to install OpenClaw
and I got him on it.
What should I share with OpenClaw and
what should I not share? Think about it
for five seconds, dude. Share with it
whatever you're fine sharing and
whatever needs to do work with and don't
share with it like personal private
stuff. I wish they made the new displays
in 32 inches. Yeah, I agree, Stacy.
I agree. I wish it was 32 inches as
well. Can you run open claw for free?
Yeah, plug it in open router. You can
use free AI, but like it's not going to
be good. Share whatever. Yeah, share
whatever you're willing to risk, dude.
This isn't like rocket science. Share
whatever you're willing to risk. Don't
share what you're not willing to risk. I
don't think I have a tokazell. You don't
think Bitcoin currency, the internet.
Listen, I'm a Bitcoin guy. I'm a Bitcoin
guy.
I think it's painfully obvious though
that it's going to be run on uh USDC. I
think it's very clear it'll be run on
stable coins. I I I I listen, I'm a
Bitcoin guy. You do not need to sell me
on Bitcoin.
You do not need to sell me on Bitcoin.
I'm a Bitcoin guy. But it doesn't make
any sense why it would be transacting in
Bitcoin. the AI agents when stable coins
just faster, better,
more stable, more coins. You know what
I'm saying? Uh I just think it's obvious
they'll all have like lightweight. Is
this title clickbait?
I'll tell you what's not clickbait. Me
banning you. Ban.
That's my favorite thing people do.
We're an hour and a half into this live
stream. The title of the live stream is
I'm doing some insane things with
OpenClaw. I spend the first hour and a
half showing you those insane things and
then a guy comes in an hour and a half
and he's like, "Um, did you show any
insane things?" I think that's
clickbait. Shut up.
Banned.
Uh, you taxed every Bitcoin transaction.
So, USDC is what? Yeah, it's I mean, I
think it's obvious that USDC is going to
be the way these things uh transact.
Perplexi just adds a watermark. It's
annoying. That's what I was trying to
Oh,
I created a very good memory system for
Open Claw or Agent Zero. Isn't agent
zero the cryptocoin platform? I wouldn't
use that. That's weird.
Building openclaw for your second video.
I'm building as we speak. I know it will
change my life. Thank you. It's going to
help me finally tackle a life task I've
been putting off. I'm a lifer now. It's
a Steph Curry for 2080.
Uh I'm glad it's changing your life. My
favorite thing about your comments,
Steph Curry, is you spam them 20 times
every time you hit send and they're
always in all caps.
Nvidia Neotron 3 new super model just
released today is free. It's a new super
model.
What is this? Let's Let's check this
out. Nvidia Nemo
Neotron 3.
Let's see this. What's Nvidia Neotron 3?
When was this? Uh, agree. I'll just
agree. March 11th. Okay. A new open 120
billion parameter hybrid mixture of
experts model optimized for Nvidia
Blackwell addresses the cost of long-
thinking context expansion that slow
autonomous agent workflows. Whoa.
Launched today, Nvidia Neotron 3 Super
is a 120 billion parameter open model
with 12 billion active parameters
designed to run complex agentic AI
systems at scale. Available now. The
model combines advanced reasoning
capabilities to efficiently complete
tasks with high accuracy for autonomous
agents. Wow.
AI native companies. Perplexi offers its
users access to Neotron 3 Super for
search as one 20 orchestrated models.
I'm going to tell
I'm going to tell Henry to look into
this right now. By the way, give me one
second. I'm giving this to Henry. I
gotta tell Henry research this.
Can you look into this for me please and
let me know if this fits into our setup.
Everyone should be giving this link to
their open claw right now.
Nemoron 3 is 100. Okay. AI name perplexi
offers. Okay. Factory and grapple are
integrating the model into their AIE. I
mean this is huge news. This is huge.
This is massive.
1 million token context window.
This is massive because
America
Mac Studios are dead. I wouldn't say
Max, do you guys are dead because of
this?
Alex needs Whisper Flow so bad. No,
don't ever. The quickest way to get
banned is mentioning Whisper Flow in my
chat. You are not allowed to mention
Whisper Flow. I hate Whisper Flow. It
allegedly has uh it allegedly has
malware in it.
Allegedly. I would never download
Whisper Flow. It allegedly has malware
in it. Is Nvidia pumping on this? So,
here's why this is Let me break this
down for you. Here's why this is
massive.
Nvidia is not pumping. It's up4%.
Here's why it's massive.
All
open source models are the future.
That's just that's just the way it is.
Open source models are the future.
having a local super intelligence on
your desk working for you 247's the
future economically just makes more
sense
you'll never be able to like efficiently
run an API model 247 doing task non-stop
so open source makes more sense on top
of that it's democratized access for the
entire world to super intelligence
right the whole world deserves to have
super intelligence the whole world
shouldn't have to pay $250 a month for
super intelligence
So, open source is the future. Here's
the issue. All open source models up to
this point have been from China.
America should be competing. America
should be competing for open source.
They should be.
And they're not. And it sucks. And it
stinks. None of these companies are
making open source models. Neotron 3
super requires a powerful computer to
run locally. Need a beastly Mac studio
minimum. Let me ask Henry. Here's the
breakdown what it is. All right.
Let me share uh let me share what Henry
has to say about this. You guys want to
see what Henry has to say about this?
Henry is going to give me the best
explanation here.
Here's the breakdown Neotron 3 and how
it fits our setup. Nvidia's new 120
billion parameter mixture of experts
model with only 12 billion active
parameters. 1 million context window.
Hybrid Mamba transformer. Wow. Kobe
worked on this. They had Kobe working on
this. Hybrid Mamba transformer
architecture. That's amazing. Shout out
Kobe. I get I mean good on him. Bam
breaks his record. A day later he's
building open source AI models. I love
that.
Hybrid Mamba transformer architecture,
multi-token prediction, open weights,
permissive license, top of artificial
intellysis for efficiency.
How to use it? Great fit for DJX Spark.
12 billion active parameter means it
could run on the Spark's memory easily.
The full 120 bit uh memory might be 60
to 80 GB which fits and it's optimized
for Blackwell which spark is
agent specialized built for multi- aent
workflows tool calling long context is
exactly what we need for Nova's agent
layer could replace or complement Quen
we're training Laurazon open ways and
trainer they're releasing the full
training methodology 10 trillion tokens
of data real RL environments gold mine
for our training pipeline for spark cost
killer 12 billion acts of 120 equals
could run the muscle model for scanners
agents at $0 on owned hardware instead
of falling back to 54. My take this is
potentially a better base model for the
spark than Quen. Same black gold chip's
own optimization agent name worth
downloading and testing. Want me to pull
it down now? Yes, please. I'm pulling it
down and using it right now.
Jacob $499 donation. Thank you very
much, my man. Alex, I need to tell Alex,
I need to tell Apple to release the M5
Ultra. I'm ready for 1 TB RAM Max
Studio. June, baby. June. June. It's
coming. Can you tell us what Neotron is?
It is Nvidia's new open- source model
that just released.
It's their open source model that just
released.
And this looks like it's amazing. This
looks like it might be the most powerful
open source model ever. And we finally
have an American open source model.
American
open source.
Why open
source is the future
run on Spark
use cases. All right, plans just
changed. My next video is going to be
all about this. My next video is going
to be all about this American Open
Source. Ray Fernando, this is big for
us, man. Me, Me and Ray are the ones on
the forefront talking about open models.
me and Ryan and the for your your other
uh AI YouTubers, they haven't been
talking about this at all. They're going
to be talking about this very soon.
They're going to be talk American open-
source models.
Nvidia, man. Shout out Nvidia. Shout out
Jensen Wong, man. Amazing.
Why does it matter who created it if
it's open source?
I mean, it's it's important because
I'm trying to figure out the best way to
word this.
You just want America to be doing the
righteous thing in my opinion.
And obviously I'm an American.
I just think America, this is probably
going to piss off a lot of people, but
I'm going to say it whatever. This is
not what I'm about to say is not
political. This is just what I believe.
I just think America should be
setting the standard, set setting the
example.
And I think doing open source is setting
a good example for the rest of the
world. And right now, China is setting
that example by doing all open source.
And I think we should be about freedom.
I think we should be about liberty. I
think it should be about democracy and
open- source I think represents those
values. So that's why I think it's
important for America to release an open
source model. It has nothing to do with
like like I download the the the Chinese
models. I download them. They're not
sending stuff back to China because
they're local. They're on them. They're
running locally. So I'm not scared about
that.
I just think we should be setting the
standard and we should have o open
source American models.
America should lead the world. It hasn't
in quite a while. Not a political
opinion. We are just too divided at the
moment.
Well, I mean depends how you look at
things. We we have like 29 of the top 30
companies in the world. So we are kind
of leading the world. Um so I just think
it's good to be righteous. That's all.
America is built on open. Yeah. I just
think open source is very American and
so I think we should have open source
models. I have nothing I have no issue
with closed source. I don't think open
AI or Anthropic is doing anything wrong
by o releasing closed source models. I
don't think they're doing anything wrong
at all. I just think we should also be
supporting open source. I just think
it's a very American thing to do.
Open source democratized access to super
intelligence
allowing everyone to have super
intelligence for free. What's more
American than that? Europe is about to
go in the toilet. Zero innovation.
I went to Europe a few months ago. It
was nice. I had some good food there.
Open source also helps with validating
the software. Back doors, malware,
exploits. Yeah, open source is a very
good thing. How could someone not want
competition from America? And that's
another thing
I think Europe I wish Europe competed. I
wish they had good companies because we
need competition, right? Right now,
China is our competition. Everything we
do is like, okay, how can we beat China,
right? And that's a good thing, but I
think the more competition the better.
Like if Europe's doing something, okay,
now we got to beat Europe, right? That
motivates us more.
Uh, let me find the exact minimum GPU
requirement. Say 8 H1 180 G 12. That's
too big for the sparks. 128 g. Let me
check if there's a quantitizer. Good
news. There's a G there's a GUF version
from Unsloth and an official FF8
version. Okay, here's the assessor. The
120 billion super model at BF is 240
gigabytes way too big for the Sparks 128
even at 4bit quantiz 67 gigabytes which
could fit but use a hybrid Mamba 2
architecture that needs a special llama
CPP branch. It's brand new so tooling is
immature. Better fit Neatron 3 nano
which is 30 billion
parameter. Uh same architecture family,
same train nano would absolutely fly in
the spark. Here's my honest wreck. The
super 12b is really designed for
multiGPU data center setups. It might
run quantized version of Spark, but it's
day one software. The Nano 30B is the
realistic Spark model. Tiny for the Mac
Studios. The super 12b at 4 could work
via llama. So you once they support the
mamba hybrid, but that's not to say want
me to pull.
Will the nano version be better than
than the I always got to make sure my
grammar is good when talking to my
agent, you know. Will the nano version
be better than the Quen we are currently
running on there?
Alex, what was the link you chose for
Neotron? I sent the blog post from
Nvidia.
Can you talk about your membership?
Beginner friendly or a bunch of
programmer bros? When do you meet? Uh, a
couple things, Stacy Rodriguez. Beginner
friendly. It's built for beginners.
100%. Bunch of programmer bros. I think
like the three most active members are
all females. We're the most femaleheavy
tech community I think in the world to
be honest with you. So, females are way
more than welcome and uh supported. Let
me see. Let me show you
vibe coding. We should talk about the
vibe coding academy.
See all leaderboards.
There's lot lot of women in the
leaderboards. Look at this. You want to
see this? Lot of women in the
leaderboards
for active members.
Lot of women. Join the vibe coding
academy. Link down below. Leaderboard
all time. Tina Bean number three,
Susan number six, Yulana number eight.
We're women heavy. We got a lot of women
in the the Vibe Coding Academy. So very
you're very welcome. Beginner friendly.
You'll be welcome with open arms arm
Stacy and we meet every Friday. We meet
every Friday 100 p.m. Pacific right
after the live stream and they're all
recorded. You join, you can watch all
the past recordings.
What reasons do you use claude code
versus open claw? Claude codes for
writing code. Claude codes for writing
code, open clause for having your own
employee.
Anthropic CEO really screwed up for the
government military. I think they're I
think over the last I'm gonna be honest.
I just think over the last few months,
Anthropic's been feeling themselves a
little too much. I think they've been
feeling themselves a little too much.
And that's fine. I think it'll humble
them a little bit. And this isn't a
political thing. This isn't a political
thing. is just Opus. I think Opus 45
came out and the whole world's like,
"Wow, Anthropic, you're incredible." And
Anthropic was a little bit like, "Hell
yeah, I'm incredible. Hell yeah, baby.
Hell yeah, my [__] don't stink, baby. My
[__] don't stink." And Opus 45, I'd say,
is the biggest AI release of all time.
Incredible. It changed the world. It was
like the biggest jump in AI
capabilities, I think, since the
original since GPT4, right? But then
they started feeling themselves a little
bit. They're like, "Oh, no, you can't
use our OOTH anymore with Open Claw. Oh,
you know, I'm going to tell the
government what to do." Things like
that.
Not political. Not political. Not
political. I'm just saying maybe they
were feeling themselves a little bit.
Look like you look like you found a use
for your third Mac. I don't know if I
can run Nemoron on Mac Studio. It's I'm
just going to take a guess. I haven't
done much research because it just got
announced on this live stream. I'm just
going to take a guess that
uh it's only running on Nvidia hardware.
This is going to be my guess is they put
something in it that it only runs on
Nvidia hardware. Apple and Nvidia do not
like each other. Apple and Nvidia do not
like each other. They're they are
rivals. Uh, I don't know if you guys
know the story,
but uh,
Apple ripped out Nvidia from all their
hardware like years ago because they
didn't like each other. Um, Jason McNav
$20 donation. Thank you, Jason. I mean,
that means a lot. Uh, decentralized
local intelligence equals liberty.
Individual owns property, intellectual
property, and have freedom of
consciousness. Check vid. Last admin
wanted to close doors. Only allow two AI
cops working with government only.
I don't know about the last
administration stuff, but I agree with
you. It's about liberty and owning your
property. No one can take it away.
There's nothing more American than open
source models and we should be
supporting it. Jacob with another $4.99.
Thank you very much. Competition makes
better products. We've seen this lately
with Sonnet Codeex. Yeah, competition is
fire. Gemini, I don't know about
I don't know about Gemini. Uh
Agent Zer's Google. No, it's like crypto
stuff. I wouldn't get into that. It's
like crypto stuff. I would take that. I
would not use that. Did you name your
next bot after Jason? I haven't name I
haven't created the next bot yet, but
let me write that down and make sure I I
make sure it's Jason. Jason next bot.
When I get the next DGX Spark or plug in
the Mac Studio 3, will Jason will be on
it.
So, DGX Sparker wait for M5 Studio.
Thoughts on tiny AI? Uh,
I mean, I think it's tough to get the
current Mac Studio because it's like a
two-month wait
and in two months the M5 is going to be
out. So, it's like, do you order do you
order
Do you order a Mac Studio knowing it's
going to come out the same time as like
the next one? I don't know. I think I
might lean DJX Spark. If you're moving
right now and want to run local,
I think you run out and buy the Mac
Mini. Mac Mini is my recommendation just
to get on Open CL. If you have to run
local now and you don't have any
hardware,
I mean, you can get a DJX Spark and then
when the M5 comes out, cluster it
together with Exo, right?
Connect all your Mac Studios using Exo
to run Neotron 3.
Uh, I'll have to talk to Henry about
that. Just order an M3 Max Studio.
Delivers in one week. What kind of
memory did you get with that? Wait for
the M5. They cut memory max to 256.
Yeah, that's why I'm leaning towards
waiting now. Uh, what memory did you get
where it's delivering in one week?
M4 Pro with 64 gig. Also, two-month
weight. Yeah, everything I feel like is
two month.
96 gig. That's pretty good. You'll be
able to run some really good Quen models
with that. If you can get the 96 gig in
a week, M3 Ultra,
that might be my wreck. That might be my
wreck. And then you can expand that
because you probably got it that for a
decent price. How much did you pay, Mr.
ENF?
How much did you pay? Because you
probably got that for a pretty decent
price.
And then when a better one comes out or
you want to add a DJX Spark, you can
just add it into your cluster. Not a big
deal. You're built, See, you're building
your home AI lab. You're building your
home AI lab.
like I'm doing, right?
You're building your home AI lab. Let me
show you. Let me show you. Let me show
you. Huh?
Home AI lab. AI lab.
You're like, I like that. I have DJX
Spark and it has massive concurrency.
Depending on size of prompts, you can
have thousands or 60 for larger average
open club. Yeah, it's I mean that's
Nvidia's strength is is the speed.
Although Apple's catching up. Apple. I
mean, the M5 is incredible. I'm hearing
whispers. I'm hearing rumors. I'm
hearing whispers. I'm hearing rumors. M6
will be like an even bigger leap than
the M5 is what I'm hearing. I'm hearing
whispers. I'm hearing rumors that the M6
is going to be the biggest leap in chip
technology ever for Apple.
But the M5 is still amazing. It's like a
four times leap. So, it's still amazing.
I'm personally getting the M5 when that
drops, M5 Ultra on the Mac Studio
because I I think you get it's going to
I I do believe I do believe Apple will
catch up to Nvidia.
I do believe that. Watch the M5 come out
with 256 gigs. I uh so my official
prediction a couple months ago was they
do a one terabyte Mac Studio.
That was my official prediction, but I
think I'm changing that. I think I'm
changing my official prediction to 250.
It's I The fact that they cut off the
512 gig M3 scares me. That scares me a
little bit. That scares me.
I think I changed my official
prediction. It's still going to be 512.
They're just saving the memory for the
new Mac Studio. And I would not be
surprised. A lot of people predicting
they never make a Mac Pro again.
I wouldn't be surprised if we get a Mac
Pro beginning of next year with over a
terabyte.
I would not be surprised if they save
the one terabyte for the Mac Pro. Make
it like $20,000.
I have Mac Studio running quen 35 MLX.
It works fantastic. Depending on what
you're into, you give it a strict rag
with expert sources, you got an expert.
It's crazy, man. I don't want to name
names because these guys don't deserve
clout. But there are a lot of people,
Listen,
people attack me left, up, right, down
all day on X because they just want me
to mention them. I don't mention anybody
on my social media. I don't mention I
don't I don't want to give anyone the
time a day because I if they mention me
and I mention them, they're getting a
lot more out of that transaction than I
am. So, I'm not going to name names
because they will get a lot more
attention out of the transaction if we
name each other.
But there's a lot of people that come
and say, "Oh, Alex Finn an idiot. He's
an idiot. Mac, don't buy a Mac. That's
stupid. That's the stupidest thing you
can do."
Like, you're just literally wrong.
There's people all over the place
running incredible models on their Mac
really efficiently, getting tons of work
done.
Jason McNab here.
My man Jason McNab. My man Jason McNab
doing it
right. So I don't know what these people
are talking about. I run I have open
cloud running on like five different
local models. M6 is going to server rack
for AI. Apple is I don't know the people
crapping on Apple for AI stuff. They're
incredible. What are you talking about?
I I'm not naming names because these
people don't deserve the breath out of
my mouth. Sup dog checking in from New
York. I lived in New York for I was born
in New York.
I was born in New York. I'm a New Yorker
at heart. Open claw with GLM5 at $210 a
quarter is a beast to be honest. Open
claw with GLM5 at two I have used my 600
million tokens in like 15 days. I hear
good things about GLM5.
I hear good things. I run open call on
my gaming PC. Security be damned. It's a
beast. I run open call on my main
computer as well.
The people scared to run open call on
their main computer. Screw them. Run it
on your main computer.
Buy what you want no matter what.
Someone will be a critic. The M series
Mac is amazing because unified memory.
Yeah, there's just like fanboys. There's
just fanboys who get pissed at any
There's people who get pissed at anyone
getting attention. There's people who
get pissed at anything succeeding.
There's so many losers on X. There's so
many losers on X. It's crazy.
I'm here. You can Burp, where you been,
dude? We're an hour and a half in. Burp,
where you been?
I've tried and tried to use codeex 54
and it keeps saying no. Go.
Well, why using It's not codeex. I've
had this issue, too. It's not codeex 54.
It's Chad GBT54. Give them the links to
Chad GBT site and they'll find it. I I
had that issue too where I tried to use
codeex 54. There is no codeex 54.
There's no There is no codeex 54. It's
Chad GBT54.
Got to just want to say thanks for the
live stream. I have immensely enjoyed
it. Hey Trent Black, I appreciate you
brother. Glad you enjoyed it. Come back
Wednesday. I'm giving away free Chad GBT
Pro subscriptions. $250 a month
subscriptions. I'm giving away free.
Objectively, Apple are a good choice for
running OpenClaw. Don't get me wrong,
there are other options, but the unified
memory that Apple Yeah. I mean, it's
amazing. You can run big models. They're
not going to be quite as fast
as running on Nvidia, but it's not all
about speed. If they're your muscles and
they're doing grunt work, the speed
doesn't matter quite as much. It's still
very, very, very usable.
Not going to lie, I just walked in and
you said, "Fuck them. If they tell you
not to use your main machine, I'm
dying." Yeah, [__] him. Greg Zen7896,
welcome to the live stream. Turn on
notifications while you're here, boss.
Mr. VB8KW,
my deaf tones brother. Sorry for the
grammar issues earlier. I'm at work and
not proof reading like I should. Also, I
think auto research is going to be a
game changer for improving our open claw
agents and then some. Thank you for your
expertise. You guys want some alpha?
Congrats on your sex. Thank
Congrats on your success.
Your success.
I don't know why I read that and said,
"Congrats on the sex." I do I do not
know why.
I don't know what that means. I don't
know what subconsciously that means. If
there's any therapists here, let me know
what that means. But that's what that's
what came out of my mouth. Um,
here's here's the mindset you got to
have and I'll be talking about this live
boot camp Friday vibe coding academy
link down below. Uh,
how do you apply auto research to
everything? Think about it. That's the
next trillion dollar opportunity. Think
about it. How do you apply auto research
to everything? Love your videos, man.
You on I think I'm I think next video is
going to be a Nemo Nemo Toad video.
talking about American open source.
I think Apple will be sleeping giant and
soon dominate AI. I hope. No way I can
transfer to PC. Yeah, I'm I am never
using PC.
I'm never using PC. Uh I have the DJX
Spark Buds Linux Freyian Slip. What was
I thinking about? You think I was
thinking about sex? Am I gonna get
banned for saying that? Like am I going
to get like This is already a
demonetized video. I don't monetize the
live streams.
I'm still here live stream with you.
First live stream ever. Actually, this
is your first live stream ever and it's
mine. Tristan Brown 7750.
That's amazing. It means the world. It
means you had a good time in Japan.
Uh, if you finally did sex, congrats on
that, too. I've never done that before.
I purchased a Mac Mini 24 gigabyte right
after I started listening to Alex and I
panicked. I didn't have enough memory to
run local. I worked at Apple to upgrade
to a Mac Mini 64G. Let's go. Andrew
Teller, what have you been running,
dude? What What models you've been
running? I love that.
Alex, any opinion on foldable iPhone?
I'm getting a day one. iPhone Ultra.
Getting a day one, baby. Day one. I
can't wait. I was on this flight. I was
on this flight to uh Japan
and the laptop started dying. And I was
like, man, I wish I could unfold this
and just keep going on my phone. Ah, I
can't wait. I I I've been a I've been
wanting I've been debating switching
from Apple to Android for the last seven
years to get like the foldable, the the
Galaxy Fold. I've wanted it so long.
I've been a f I've been pissed Apple
hasn't released a foldable yet for so
long.
It's uh I'm I'm a day I'm day one. I
don't care if it costs $5,000. I'm
getting a day one. I cannot wait until
the iPhone Ultra. I want a foldable so
freaking bad. If you're not in the
school community yet, get in Vibe
Coding. Yes, link down below. Vibe
Coding Academy. Get in there. We're a
lot of people. We're over a thousand
people now. We're over a thousand people
now. DJX Spark not needed for M5.
Bro, last week that live streams was
long. This is my entertainment
education. That's what we try to do
here. Aldo Rodriguez. This one was a
little bit more of a chat with the chat
live stream. What do you guys think? Are
you cool with that? This is my favorite
part of live stream is chatting with you
guys. Do you mind if I just chat and
answer questions and then sprinkle in
some alpha here and there?
Did you see the news about human cells
grown in laboratory to play Doom? I did
see that.
Ah, it's cool. I think it's cool. I'm
not scared of that stuff. I think it's
cool. Yes, Apple will catch up to
Nvidia. I believe they will.
I believe they will. I can't run locals
on You can You can run like a very
lightweight Quen. It's not going to be
amazing. I'm going to be honest with
you. It's not going to be amazing. But
you can run light. I still think you
should experiment.
I still think you should experiment.
Mile High Club is what he's trying to
say. No, it's
there's no Mile High Club on a crowded
United flight that you're packed in like
sardines. There's no mile high club
going unless you go into a tiny little
twoft by two foot toilet that smells
like absolute horseshit.
Any tips on getting these miles
performed tasks reliably? enormous
potential if I don't have the
reliability. What What model are you
using?
54 is Chad GBD 54 is incredible. I I
don't I haven't had any issue with task
task execution.
Can you use OpenClaw in your Apple Watch
Ultra? Uh I don't know. I used to have
an Apple Watch. I stopped wearing it.
I'm not an Apple Watch guy. I'm actually
anti like Apple Watches to be honest
with you. I don't think you should be
getting pinged by your cell phone every
five minutes on your wrist. I think
that's crazy.
Alex, you think one day Apple buys
Anthropic? No, I don't think so.
I think that boat's passed. I think they
should have did it when it was like a
two billion dollar company. Now that
that boat's sailed. I mean, Apple I
don't think Apple's trying to get into
the AI model race. I think they should I
think they should make their own open
model and compete with Nvidia on that
front, but I don't think from a cloud
model perspective, I think that race has
already started and there's no point in
joining it now.
I just bought a Mac Mini 16 gig, so the
base model. I'm going to try set up and
hopefully your vids help. They will
help. Get it set up, my man. Get it set
up. Yeah, bro. Love this. Okay, good.
I'm glad you like it. Yeah, these live
streams are fun. Not going to lie. Good.
Just yapping. Just having fun and
yapping. Tell Henry to launch Viber
already. It's already kind Yeah, Viber
we kind of put to the side just because
OpenClaw changed everything. I mean,
OpenClaw is the greatest thing to ever
happen to me. I'm just going to be
honest with you guys.
Open laws of grace has never happened to
me. It's changed my life dramatically.
Uh I'm I'm just on a whole new level.
I'm on a whole new level spiritually,
physically, metaphysically.
Whole new everything's just changed,
man. The moment you find something
you're passionate about and then go all
the way in, it just changes your life.
It changes your life and you all should
be trying to aggressively as possible
find something that you are extremely
passionate about because it will
absolutely change your life. Did you end
up getting sponsored by Apple? You were
talking about I'm not I'm not sponsored
by anybody.
No one sponsors me because I don't want
my opinion to change on things. Um but I
mean they support me in different ways.
Apple they lent me a Mac Studio. So I
have a 512 gigabyte Mac studio they lent
me.
Um,
and I'd like to do more things with them
in the future. Like now I have
connections there and we talk and like I
give them advice. I'm like helping them
out on stuff
when it comes to like AI agents. Um,
I'm going I'll probably make an ask when
the M5 comes out and say, "Hey, what can
I do to make sure I get a day one?" I
think that's a fair ask to make. I can
make that ask, right?
I've helped I've helped Apple out a lot.
I feel like I can say I'm not even
asking for a free Mac Studio. I'm just
asking, hey, can I buy one and just get
it on the first day?
That's all I'm asking. I'll run Quen
once the better Mac Mini arrives later
this month. Right now, I'm just using
Claude Opus on it. Nothing wrong with
that. By the way, I'm in the FinFam,
too, and I love it.
Nothing wrong with uh going all cloud.
Just slow. You slowly layer on the local
models. You see, there's no rush.
There's no need to rush.
I was watching talk about the almost
internetb breaking exit issue last
night. Makes me worry about OC getting
back doorored. Yeah, I don't I don't
update on day one. I don't update
OpenClaw on day one. Would you recommend
running open source LM on a VPS if we
don't have local powerful compute? No.
No point. Not worth it. I don't mess
with VPS's. I don't mess with VPS's. I
don't think it's worth it. Just go all
cloud if you have to. I'm not a VPS guy.
Chad GBD is always screwing up, missing
repeatable tasks, not following. You're
on 54 and it's not following.
What I would do if if the issue is uh
repeatable tasks,
I'd build a calendar out in your mission
control. And if you haven't built a
mission control yet, I put out a YouTube
video, I think last week on mission
control while I was in Japan. It's one
of my best performing videos. I did it
on the road with like a shitty camera
and setup and it's performing amazingly.
That's what Here's another thing. I
honestly believe uh everyone should be
on YouTube, should be pursuing YouTube.
I think it's the biggest social media
opportunity in the world. You don't need
expensive cameras. You don't need
editors. You don't need anything. You
don't need expensive lighting. I was in
Japan in my hotel room. I took out my
DJI little camera, filmed it. Has 80,000
views in a week.
I don't I edit everything myself. I have
no editors. No one works for I have zero
employees. You can you can do everything
you want on YouTube. You don't need to
spend money on stuff. Hacker news
thoughts or I don't know what that is.
Was on my way to bed. Been up all night.
Just seen your live stream. You decided
to pop in and say hi from Australia mate
and hope we can chat sometime. D
Pandazzis, good to have you here.
Greetings from California. Hope
Australia is nice. What is it? You're
entering uh fall in Australia right now.
end of your summer heading into fall.
Uh,
tail scale nano nano claw quen and mini
tail scale agent. Yeah, that's a good
setup.
Tail scale. Tail scale is great. I love
tail scale. It's so easy and it's free.
Alex, did you experiment with glasses?
And Henry, my glasses haven't come in
yet. It's like a month waiting period to
get the glasses, but I'll be going for
it.
Yeah, AWS should have bought. A lot of
people should have bought anthropic. A
lot of people should have bought um Open
AI when they had the chance and they
didn't do it and now those opportunities
are gone. By FinnFam I mean Vibe Coding
Academy. Ha, which is Yeah, Vibe Coding
Academy is a lot of things are FinnFam,
but yeah, Vibe Coding Academy is
FinnFam. Andrew Taylor's a fan of the
Vibe Coding Academy. Link down below.
Live boot camp this Friday. Live boot
camp this Friday. Do we think Opus 46 is
still the best for thinking reasoning
strategy with 54 out? Uh,
it's close. Now, Opus might be a tad
better, but 54 is significantly faster.
And I think that speed gives it an edge.
I think that speed gives it an edge.
Apple has potentially a dependency
problem with TMSC. What happens when
China invades Taiwan? Um, we we we
better hope that does not happen. We
better hope that China does not invade
Taiwan. If China invades Taiwan, the
prices of our computers will absolutely
skyrocket
overnight. The prices of our computers
will absolutely skyrocket overnight. We
better hope they do not invade Taiwan.
That should be priority number one of
every single government is to not let
that happen because the prices of your
computers will skyrocket overnight.
These are the glasses I'm getting. Even
reality's G2. It's a smart smart glasses
with a Look at that guy. That's a good
looking guy, huh? Look at that jawline.
This guy's looking good. Strong chin
hair. Perfect. Perfect. This guy's
looking good. Look at this guy. This
guy's born to model smart glasses. What
a looks maxing here. This guy is looks
maxing like crazy. This guy went all in
on this photo shoot. Look at this guy.
all in on this smart glasses photo shoot
right here. Look at that.
Uh, I'm putting my I'm putting Henry on
here. So, I'm gonna hack the I'm going
to hack these. They're not built for
Henry. I'm going to hack these to put
Henry on there. Do you use Grock at all?
Honest question. What should I use Grock
for? I'd use Grock right now if it was
like the best at any specific use case.
What use case is Grock good for?
Apple's going the AI silicon hardware
path. They aren't as good at AI models.
Siri has never been good. They'll focus
on being the best. Yeah, 100%. They
should be going for the local models are
the future. It only makes smart for
them.
It only makes sense for them to go full
local models and build the computers for
that and prepare for that future. What
happened to the permy bun? You know how
many things I have on my plate.
Allecalis, I have so many things on my
plate. I will get the per Oh, breaking
news.
Breaking news. Uh, I'm going to have an
office starting Saturday. I will have an
office starting Saturday. When I set
this office, I bought a green screen a
few weeks ago. We're going to set up the
green screen. The office, the whole
command center here is going to change.
The whole command center here is going
to change. I'm getting my own office
Friday, Saturday. Uh, and so that's
going to be awesome. Dying. We have the
exact same Aala bottle.
Shout out Aala.
Purchase M51 128 gig 4 TB for work
during the day and run local models at
night. Ruben,
that's amazing. So, you got the MacBook
Pro M5 Max.
I mean, that's a good purchase. That's a
good purchase. I mean, you did pay a
premium for laptop functionality, but
hey, you got to do what you got to do.
It's going to be the best computer out
there for AI.
You're going all in, Reuben. I like
that. I like that a lot, Reuben. I like
that a lot. Ruben, do you have a
workflow feature in your mission
control? I've implemented one. It is
crazy. It makes OC so much more
autonomous. What do you mean by that? A
workflow feature. What does that mean?
AE DF DF DF DFS A SSD.
What's a workflow feature? Tell me. I'm
curious. You got me cur You have my
attention now. You have my attention
now. Longtime viewer, but first time in
the stream. Thanks for your content. In
your opinion, what are the local limits
of what's possible with Mac Mini base
model?
I mean, you're just not going to be able
to run any good local models on the base
Mac Mini. You'll be able to run like a
really small version of Quen 3.5, but
like it's not going to be able to handle
any sort of serious workflows. I still
think it's worth experimenting with,
but unfortunately, at this moment in
time, you won't be able to run anything
crazy on it. I do believe it'll only get
more efficient so that you will be able
to do crazy stuff in the future, but at
this moment in time, it's just not going
to be great. So, I just run it on chat
GBT54.
Running Quen through. Yeah, you
shouldn't be using local models as the
brain. Local models is the brain's just
not there yet. I I I mean this Nemo Toad
Nemo whatever new model from Nvidia
might be a potential brain replacement
but I would have to test it first.
What permission level app should I grant
access to open everything your entire
life? I it's a you question. It's like a
that's like someone hiring an employee
at their company and saying what should
I allow this employee to do? I don't
know. What does your company do? What do
you want them to do? Nice moonshots.
Thank you.
went about as good as I could hope for.
Huh? That episode went really well.
Right. These are the best live streams
where the count, the viewer count just
goes up the entire one. Most live
streams I do, it goes up and then like
halfway through starts going down. This
one's just up the whole time. Up only.
Hockey stick chart up and to the right.
I couldn't agree. I felt the same with
Bitcoin. Dedicate my life to learning
and sharing.
Listen, I'm a Bitcoin guy. I like
Bitcoin. I just don't see how Bitcoin
fits into the agent ecosystem.
Like the only way I can see Bitcoin
fitting into the agent ecosystem is they
use stable coins to purchase stuff and
then they store the value in Bitcoin.
That's but I don't see them transacting
in Bitcoin. I don't think that makes any
sense. There's no at the moment. Maybe
in the future there will be, but at the
moment there's no advantage to
transacting in Bitcoin for AI agents. It
makes a lot more sense for them to use
USDC.
Uh, why do I Jeremiah Jacob Jeremiah
another 199 donation? Thank you a lot,
Jacob Jeremiah. Why do I think the 512
studio was pulled? Probably because uh
I would say hardware bottlenecks. My
guess would be hardware bottlenecks with
uh
the the M5 they're going to be coming
out with. Another little announcement.
Another little announcement. I was
debating if I should announce this
because I don't know if I should be like
telling people where I'm going to be at
at any given time because uh
I feel like there's a lot of people that
hate me. And so if I reveal my location
at any given time, like that's just
probably not a good idea.
But I'll I'll reveal it anyway.
Little known fact about me. Little known
fact about me. You're not that famous.
Stop.
I never said I was that famous. All I
said is there's people who hate me. I
I'm not claim I am not claiming to be
famous. I am not cla Let me make this
straight. I am not claiming to be
famous. I do not think I'm famous. I'm
just saying there are a lot of people on
the internet who have hated that my
channel is blown up.
So, I just don't like to reveal my
location when people there are people
who hate me. That's all I'm saying. Uh,
I got tickets to Kanye West concert in a
month.
First American concert in five years.
I'll be going.
I'm a big I'm a big Kanye fan.
Pre-racism. Pre-racism. I'm a big fan.
Pre-racism.
All it takes is one crazy person to kill
you. That's all I'm going to say. It
takes one crazy person to kill you. So,
that's why I don't like revealing my
location too much.
Uh, going to the Kanye West concert. I
I'm a big pre-racism Kanye fan. I'm the
biggest pre-racism Kanye fan in the
entire world. Yeah, one does not need to
be famous to be hated. Like, what do you
think? Oh, what a weird thing to say.
Oh, you think you're more famous? I
don't think I'm famous at all. I'm just
some nerd on YouTube. Uh, if you meet
him, don't call him Kanye. I know. I
know. I'm not gonna I mean, just like
it's X. I'm not calling it X. I'm gonna
always call it Twitter. And just like
it's Yay. I'm gonna keep calling him
Kanye. Let's just be honest here.
And my sidlight died. Um,
Apple can't risk the backlight. I gotta
get a day one. They got to send me the
Mac Studio day one.
False. Henry is your employee. That's a
good point. 5.4 blows, dude. Will not
5.4 blows and will not finish anything.
Really?
I haven't had that. Opus is still the
best. Opus is so slow for me, though. So
frustrating.
I gotta do more. I gotta do more
experimentation with 54 and open claw.
I've been using it the last couple days.
Uh I gotta do more experimentation.
Great seeing you on moonshots. That
wasn't a good episode. That was fun.
So annoying. All right. Well, I got good
news for you. If you think I'm so
annoying, you're now banned. Kanye
based. I mean, he's the greatest rapper
ever.
He's the greatest rapper ever. greatest
artist ever. People who hate you have
proved themselves a low IQ. I mean,
here's what it comes down to.
If you're getting hate, you're in a good
place. People primarily hate people for
two reasons. Well, one reason.
People primarily hate other people
because of jealousy,
right? They're jealous of either your
success. They're jealous. And I think
this is the reason why there's some
vocal haters on X for some reason.
They're jealous because of passion. Your
shirt on Moonshots was fire. Did you
think so?
Some people watched the episode and was
like, "Dude, your shirt was like too
sexual and tight." I'm like, "What?" So,
you like the shirt? You like the shirt?
I was wearing like a Henley, like an
unbuttoned Henley.
I think people hate because of passion.
Like if you're outwardly passionate
about anything, people hate that because
a lot of people are not capable of
passion. Haters are jealous of the goon
maxer. Are you saying I'm a goonmaxer?
I'm not a goonmaxer. You're a goonmaxer.
What are you talking about, Chungs AI?
I think people really hate when other
people are passionate, like super
passionate. Like it bothers them. It
bothers them deeply when you're super
passionate. The greatest thing you can
do in your life is be deeply passionate
about something. I truly believe you
should work as aggressively as humanly
possible to be as passionate about
something as you can.
And when you get that passion about that
passion about something, typically what
happens is one you become really
successful because that's how you become
successful is being deeply passionate
about something. And two, you get people
angry at you. They get you get angry.
They get angry because you're working at
a level they're not capable of or more
likely they're not willing to work at,
right? They're not willing to work as
hard as you. And two, you're showing
passion which they're jealous of because
they've never been passionate about
anything in their life. And so that
pisses them off.
That pisses them off.
So typically when you're getting hate,
it's usually a good indicator, right?
And these people like, "Oh, you're
you're lying about Apple. Apple's not
good." If you thought I was lying, you
wouldn't be tweeting every 5 seconds
about how wrong I am.
So, there's something deeper going on.
If I went out and I tweeted, "The sky is
red." You wouldn't tweet every 5
seconds. You're lying. The sky is blue.
The sky is blue. The sky is blue. You
wouldn't You wouldn't do that. So, it's
more than about truth or falseness. It's
that you're angry about something, that
I'm so passionate about something.
I know Vibe Coding Academy is good for
women, but how about old guys? Just
join. It's a great We have so many old
guys. Paul Miller, so many old I have
like I think this is like a 70-year-old
surgeon in the Vibe Coding Academy.
Shirt looks good. What brand?
Uh, Banana Republic outlet. The shirt
was Banana Republic outlet. I got on
sale for like $30.
This is uh J Crew Outlet.
This is J. Crew outlet.
The shirt from Moonshots was Banana
Republic outlet. I'm glad you guys liked
it, though. I miss I put together Should
I share my uh
Should I share my Kanye LA playlist? I
made a Kanye LA playlist.
I made like a be all my favorite Kanye
songs. I made a playlist of all my
favorite Kanye songs. It's 37 songs
deep. Should I share that?
If I share my a Spotify playlist, will
you guys be able to see like all my
Spotify playlists? I don't know if I
want that.
Love you, but I hate your white collared
shirts. No biggie. That's fine. I think
they're cool. I think they're cool.
Robert Craft wears them, so that's why I
wear them because I'm a big Robert Craft
fan.
Getting engaged is a sign you're on the
right path. Yeah, 100%. No, we hate
Kanye more than you.
I'll follow. Share it. All right. I
don't know what's about to happen when I
share this playlist, but we'll see what
happens. I don't know if people are
about to find some like weirdass
playlist I have and be like, "Whoa,
you're weirdo." What's your favorite
Kanye album? Um,
Dark Twisted Fantasy.
Close second is Da. I think DA's epic. I
think DA is an epic masterpiece.
Dark Twisted Fantasy is the goat,
though. The top are dark twisted
fantasy, DA Yezus. Top three,
dark twisted fantasy, Donda Yezus, Life
of Pablo.
Top four, isn't he a rapist? Kanye,
you're just going to throw those
allegations at Kanye just like that.
DA is very underrated. College drop. I I
think all his albums are fantastic. I
think literally I like Jesus is King. I
think that's a great album, too. A lot
of people hate on that album. I think
that's a great one. Uh, I think all his
albums are great.
College Dropout is great. I've been
listen. It's not just because I'm young.
I've been listening to College Dropout
since I remember getting College Dropout
when I was 14. I got the album. I was 14
years old. I remember the day I got Late
Registration. I remember the day I got
graduation. I got Graduation.
It was summer break. I got it. I put it
on a USB stick. I went to my friend's
house because uh Madden came out just
around that time. Plugged it into his
computer. We hit play on graduation and
then we kicked off for the new Madden
that year. What was like Madden
2008 or something? Madden08. I remember
that day so vividly in my mind. I
remember my feelings that day. I
remember the car I drove that day. I
remember waking up. Oh, graduation just
came out. Downloading it off Napster.
Yeah, I stole it. Whatever. Suck it. I
was broke. I was like 17 years old. Put
it on the USB stick. Hit up my friend.
Yo, Madden came out. I got graduation on
the USB. We go over. We go in his
basement. Plug it in. Good morning comes
on. We kick off Madden.
Just some of those memories that make
you warm. You know what I'm saying,
dude?
It's one of those memories that makes
you want to cry. It's one of those
memories that you just like you think
about and tears come down your face. You
know what I'm saying?
We're over. It's two hours in. Monday,
Wednesday, Friday, 11:00 a.m. Pacific.
We're going to be back Friday. I'm
giving away five
Chad GBT Pro subscriptions. Five Chad
GBT Pro subscriptions on Friday free.
$250 a month. I think they're like three
month subscriptions. So, you're getting
them like for a while. Like $750. I'm
not going to cry. I haven't cried in
like 20 years. Uh what why Spotify not
Apple Music? Because I just I don't
know. CEO invests 700 million in I I
don't want to hear about the politics. I
I
if I only used products that agreed with
my politics, it'd be like the most
stressful life of all time. Like
what am I What do you do? You Google the
CEO of every product you buy to see what
their politics are? Is that what you do?
That's crazy. $10 donation. Justin
Holmes 24. When starting out with a
smaller Mac Mini, is it smarter to jump
in a GBT or anthropic oath or is it
better start with API fees? No. Use your
OOTH. Just plug in your OOTH. Share it.
I thought I shared it already. Did I not
share the playlist already?
There you go. There's the
just one. Oh. Oh. Oh. I love all of
Yeezys. All right. So, I'll give you the
context around this playlist.
I'll give you a little bit more context
around this playlist.
Here's a little bit more context.
This will be my girlfriend's first
concert ever. This will be her first
concert ever. She's never been to a
concert in her life. Um, so I made this
for her so she could like learn Kanye
songs. So I didn't include all of my
favorite Kanye songs, right? Like
One of my favorite Kanye songs. I'm in
it off Jesus. I'm in it.
Spectacular song.
But like that's not a song you give to
like a female their first time listening
to Kanye West, you know?
That's like
if the first song someone hears from a
female hears from Kanye's I'm in it,
they'd never listen to Kanye West ever
again. So that's why I didn't put
Yeezys. I think Jesus the 10 songs in
Jesus are every single one is
incredible. Every single one is
incredible. But I can't include like the
Jesus just isn't the first
Jesus is not the first album you give to
someone to introduce them to Kanye.
That's like this fifth or sixth album.
Even though I think it's a top three
album from Kanye, you you can't
introduce them with that album. You know
what I'm saying? But like Hold My
Liquor, Hold My Liquor is one of the
most spiritual
ex experiences of a song ever. It's one
of the most spiritual musical
experiences of all time is Hold My
Liquor. But you don't introduce someone
to Kanye through Hold My Liquor. You
know what I'm saying?
How do you solve for memory continuity
across your multiple Open Claus and
agents? I'm trying to have it be able to
reference and call memory. You create a
shared workspace for them. So go to your
orchestrator openclaw and say we have
multiple open claws here. Create a
shared workspace that all the open claws
can access.
What model is your girlfriend running
on? Quen 3.5. Uh the media model. If
your opus 46 is starting to respond
slowly, it's because its memor is
getting too bloated. Early days I create
a memory fix which end in causing its
load. 80. Yeah, I I know the memor is
getting bloated. I know the memor is
getting bloated. I got to fix it.
Uh, I created a memory fix which ended
causing it to load 80k lines of context
before each reply. Yeah, I got to fix
that.
Hi Alex, can you show how to install
open call with your chat GBT
subscriptions? OpenAI allows it where
open opus doesn't. Just watch my first
video
on openclaw and then in the model
selector just choose chat gbt oath. It's
not it's not too crazy.
It's not politics though. Just getting
curious about where the money that I
spend goes to. Yeah, I'm not curious. I
just try to buy good products. That's
all. I try to spend my money on good
products. If I worried about where my
money was, the company was doing with my
money, I used to be spending so much
time googling where my money is being
spent that I just not ever get anything
done.
I ebike during the pandemic, listening
to ghost town and spaceship, and it felt
amazing. dreaming biggest spaceship and
I feel kind of free while everyone else
is inside scared. Well, do you mean
spaceship like off of college dropout?
Because that's an amazing song. The I
feel kind of free from Ghost Town's
amazing. Yeah, it's one of my favorite
songs ever is Ghost Town. Including the
second uh Ghost Town. Second Ghost
Town's great, too.
Yeah, I know. Total weirdo. Total
weirdo. What's your favorite skill in
open? I just build all its own skills.
All right, guys. Monday, Wednesday,
Friday, 11:00 a.m. Pacific. New video
dropping either later today or tomorrow.
Turn on notifications for that. Finnfam
merch. Uh maybe soon in the future.
Maybe soon in the future. Turn
notifications for new vid. The best way
to support the channel for free is
anytime I drop a new video, open it up,
leave a like, and watch it to the end.
Best ways. Top is the fourth best kind.
It's excellent. Top is amazing. Album
starting off with father stretch my
hands. What? Any way to get better than
that? No. Vibe Coding Academy down
below. Uh, live boot camp this Friday.
You instantly get access to all the past
recordings. So, sign up for that, too.
I've been working the grave shift and I
I goated. Goatated. Goed. Goatated song.
Goatated.
Yeah, exactly. Oh, man. When you're a
kid and you're like 15 years old
listening to that song and you're like
working at like McDonald's and you hear
and you hear him rapping about working
at the Gap. Oh, it's amazing.
Vibe Go Academy link down below.
Subscribe. Turn notifications. Uh, I
love you guys. Thank you for everything.
This was a blast. It's good to be back.
We're not taking a week and a half off
for a long time now. So, sorry for being
gone the last week and a half. I was
doing things that absolutely changed my
life. I have a lot of other things to
share with you eventually. The last week
and a half were absolutely
life-changing. Uh, and I have a lot more
to share. We're giving away pro
subscriptions Friday. So definitely come
Friday, 11:00 a.m. Pacific for that.
Turn on noties.
Love you all. Truly means the world. It
means the world you'd sit here and watch
me talk for two hours and watch me lose
my voice for two hours. It means the
world. More than you can imagine. More
than you can imagine. Shout out Peter
Ko. I appreciate that. Uh love you guys
from the bottom of my heart. Love you. I
will see you Friday, 11 a.m. Pacific.
Have a great rest of your uh next couple
days. Means the world.